## Build interactive diagrams with storm-react-diagrams  
https://blog.sourcerer.io/build-interactive-diagrams-with-storm-react-diagrams-f172ae26af9d  
 ` blog.sourcerer.io`
  

## Neutralinojs can be used as lightweight and portable alternative for electronjs soon !!  
https://github.com/neutralinojs/neutralinojs/wiki/Experimental-Window-mode  
 ` github.com`
  

## Fundamentals of storing data in the browser with IndexedDB  
https://wanago.io/2018/10/08/fundamentals-of-storing-data-in-the-browser-with-indexeddb/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## How Startups Earn Huge Profits From Affiliated Business?  
https://cashbackscript.net/blog/posts/How-Startups-Earn-Huge-Profits-From-Affiliated-Business?  
 ` cashbackscript.net`
  

## Intro to Vuex and Accessing State  
https://medium.com/vue-mastery/vuex-intro-tutorial-course-38ca0bca7ef4  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Rembrandt - simple functional UI framework written in Reasonml.  
https://github.com/przemyslawjanpietrzak/rembrandt  
 ` github.com`
  

## How Cryptocurrency Industry Will be in 2019?  
https://cryptocoinpravda.com/how-cryptocurrency-industry-will-be-in-2019.html  
 ` cryptocoinpravda.com`
  

## Blockchain? Is this the technology your business needs?  
https://www.slideshare.net/emmaolivias/is-blockchain-important-for-your-business  
 ` www.slideshare.net`
  

## 14 ionic Hacks to improve hybrid app development  
http://www.jomendez.com/2018/10/06/ionic-hacks-improve-hybrid-app-development/  
 ` www.jomendez.com`
  

## Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) and React Apps  
https://auth0.com/blog/role-based-access-control-rbac-and-react-apps/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=rbac_react  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## WebGL Autumn (nasty weather experiment)  
http://rainbowhunt.me/?webgl  
 ` rainbowhunt.me`
  

## Using Nuxt (or Vue) to create AMP pages  
https://toor.co/blog/amp-pages-using-nuxt-js/  
 ` toor.co`
  

## Build Electron Applications With Vue.js And Webpack  
https://www.thepolyglotdeveloper.com/2018/10/build-electron-applications-vuejs-webpack/  
 ` www.thepolyglotdeveloper.com`
  

## Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) and React Apps  
https://auth0.com/blog/role-based-access-control-rbac-and-react-apps/?utm_source=frontendfront&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=rbac_react  
Ramiro ` auth0.com`
  

## Calls between JavaScript and WebAssembly are finally fast  
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2018/10/calls-between-javascript-and-webassembly-are-finally-fast-%f0%9f%8e%89/  
 ` hacks.mozilla.org`
  

## Rethinking Unit Test Assertions  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/rethinking-unit-test-assertions-55f59358253f  
 ` medium.com`
  

## So what’s New in Create-React-App V 2?  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/introducing-create-react-app-version-2-0-6667aee5db17  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## How to best use Sinon with Chai  
https://logrocket.com/blog/sinon-with-chai  
 ` logrocket.com`
  

## So what’s New in Create-React-App v2?  
https://frontendfront.com/story/so-whats-new-in-create-react-app-v2/  
Joni Sar ` Discussion`
  

## Nic Cage or Not App  
https://shift.infinite.red/cage-against-the-machine-a419b6980424  
 ` shift.infinite.red`
  

