## Designing With Code  
https://matthewstrom.com/writing/designing-with-code.html  
Jamie Nicholls ` matthewstrom.com`
  

## modulor-html – Missing template engine for Web Components  
https://github.com/modulor-js/modulor-html  
 ` github.com`
  

## 6 Skills Every Junior Developer Needs To Succeed  
https://buttercms.com/blog/best-skills-for-junior-developers-job-success  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

## cryptocurrency development service  
https://developcoins.com/blog/cryptocurrency-development-service  
 ` developcoins.com`
  

## Why isn’t this unit test catching an error from this async/await function?  
https://www.coreycleary.me/why-isnt-this-unit-test-catching-an-error-from-this-async-await-function/  
 ` www.coreycleary.me`
  

## Explaining Babel in Simple Terms  
https://medium.com/gitconnected/eli5-babel-and-the-gang-e5329313a107  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Announcing styled-components v4  
https://medium.com/styled-components/announcing-styled-components-v4-better-faster-stronger-3fe1aba1a112  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Explaining Babel in Simple Terms  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/eli5-babel-and-the-gang-e5329313a107  
Trey Huffine ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## How GitHub Removed jQuery From Their Frontend  
https://githubengineering.com/removing-jquery-from-github-frontend/  
— GitHub has just been able to drop jQuery as a dependency of the frontend code for GitHub.com. This transition has taken years and here’s what they’ve learnt and what libraries have replaced it. ` GitHub Engineering`
  

## Ky: A Tiny, Elegant HTTP Client for Browsers Based on Fetch  
https://github.com/sindresorhus/ky  
— A new HTTP client library for the browser from one man module machine Sindre Sorhus. This one essentially makes the Fetch API tidier to use as shown in the demo code. ` Sindre Sorhus`
  

## Take the 'State of JavaScript 2018' Survey  
https://medium.com/@sachagreif/take-the-state-of-javascript-2018-survey-c43be2fcaa9  
— Sacha Greif’s popular survey returns, aiming to see what tools and technologies in the JavaScript space that developers are using, happy with and excited about. Results are expected in November and we’ll share them then. ` Sacha Greif`
  

## A Tour of JavaScript Timers on the Web  
https://nolanlawson.com/2018/09/01/a-tour-of-javascript-timers-on-the-web/  
— Want to get your head around setTimeout vs setInterval vs setImmediate vs  requestAnimationFrame and others? This will help. ` Nolan Lawson`
  

## Sqorn: A Fast, Composable SQL Query Builder  
https://github.com/lusakasa/sqorn  
— Uses a functional style that models query compilation as a series of transformations and also uses ES6 template literals in an interesting way. Worth checking out. Full tutorial here. ` Sufyan Dawoodjee`
  

## JavaScript Developer at X-Team (Remote)  
https://x-team.com/remote-javascript-developer-jobs/?utm_source=cooperpress&utm_medium=email-ad&utm_campaign=js  
— We help our developers keep learning and growing every day. Unleash your potential. Work from anywhere. Join X-Team. ` x-team`
  

## Find A JavaScript Job Through Vettery  
https://www.vettery.com/tech?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=cooper-javascriptweekly&utm_term=tech&utm_content=grouped&utm_campaign=ad-77584  
— Create a profile to connect with inspiring companies seeking JavaScript devs. ` Vettery`
  

## Why Async: How JavaScript Interacts with the Real World  
https://frontarm.com/courses/async-javascript/promises/why-async/  
— A preview of an as yet unreleased course, but even these three pages might help you out if you’re still learning how promises and async/await can improve your code. ` Frontend Armory`
  

## Using the Speech Synthesis Interface of the Web Speech API  
https://manu.ninja/using-the-speech-synthesis-interface-of-the-web-speech-api/  
— Get your browser to speak back to you. ` Manuel Wieser`
  

## Making GraphQL Client Requests in Node (and the Browser) using graphql.js  
https://codewithhugo.com/javascript-graphql-client-requests-in-node-and-the-browser-using-graphql.js/  
 ` Hugo Di Francesco`
  

## How to Use Media Queries from JavaScript  
https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-media-queries/  
— The matchMedia method is the key. ` Craig Buckler`
  

## Goodbye Redux  
https://hackernoon.com/goodbye-redux-26e6a27b3a0b  
— “A complete breakdown on why we needed Redux in the past, and why we don’t any more.” ` Jack Scott`
  

## Reduce JavaScript Payloads with Code Splitting  
https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/optimizing-javascript/code-splitting/  
 ` Google Developers`
  

## To Grok A Mockingbird: Using Recursive Combinators to Enhance Functional Composition  
http://raganwald.com/2018/08/30/to-grok-a-mockingbird.html  
— One for the functional programming fans :-) ` Reg Braithwaite`
  

## Using Babel 7 and 'preset-typescript' to Compile an Angular 6 App  
https://medium.com/@hubert.zub/using-babel-7-and-preset-typescript-to-compile-angular-6-app-448eb1880f2c  
 ` Hubert Zub`
  

## TypeScript with Babel: A Beautiful Marriage?  
https://medium.com/dailyjs/typescript-babel-ce24f724398  
— TypeScript has never been easier to adopt thanks to the new TypeScript plugin for Babel. ` Matt Turnbull`
  

## How We Got a 100% Lighthouse Performance Score for a Vue.js App  
https://checklyhq.com/blog/2018/08/how-we-got-a-100-lighthouse-performance-score-for-our-vue.js-app/  
— Lighthouse is a performance auditing tool embedded in Chrome. ` Tim Nolet`
  

## Making Calls from a Browser with Vue.js and Nexmo In-App Voice  
https://www.nexmo.com/blog/2018/08/21/phone-call-web-browser-nexmo-in-app-voice-vue-js-dr/  
 ` Phil Leggetter`
  

## Building A Flexible Image Uploader Component using Vue.js 2.0  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-build-a-flexible-image-uploader-component-using-vue-js-2-0-5ee7fc77516  
 ` Cathy Ha`
  

## date-fns: A Modern Date Utility Library  
https://date-fns.org/  
— It’s “like lodash for dates” and can really get your bundle sizes down says Addy Osmani. ` Sasha Koss`
  

## Angular Fire v5.0: The Official Library for Using Firebase from Angular  
https://github.com/angular/angularfire2#readme  
 ` Angular`
  

## React 16.5.0 Released  
https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1650-september-5-2018  
— For more, refer to this week’s React newsletter. ` React GitHub Repo`
  

## Crafting Beautiful UIs in React Using Ant Design  
https://alligator.io/react/beautiful-uis-ant-design/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## Take a New Look At CSS Shapes  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/09/css-shapes/  
 ` www.smashingmagazine.com`
  

## Removing Babel's Stage Presets  
https://babeljs.io/blog/2018/07/27/removing-babels-stage-presets  
 ` babeljs.io`
  

## Top Mobile App Development Trends With Node Js  
http://bit.do/ewrQJ  
 ` bit.do`
  

## Building Your First Angular App  
https://www.joezimjs.com/javascript/build-first-angular-app/  
 ` www.joezimjs.com`
  

## Breviare - Minimalist url shortener  
https://github.com/SillyArgie/Breviare  
 ` github.com`
  

## build-number-generator: Generate a unique "human-readable" build number  
https://github.com/prantlf/build-number-generator  
 ` github.com`
  

## Building a Table of Contents with the Intersection Observer API  
https://tj.ie/building-a-table-of-contents-with-the-intersection-observer-api/  
T.J. Fogarty ` tj.ie`
  

## Daily PWA is now live!  
https://pwa.dailynow.co/  
 ` pwa.dailynow.co`
  

## Using React in an Ionic application in One Go  
https://javascripttuts.com/ionic-react-in-one-go/  
 ` javascripttuts.com`
  

## Touhou Project Music Video Generator/Player  
https://github.com/Jasonnor/th-music-video-generator/  
 ` github.com`
  

## Improving Client-Side Performance  
https://tj.ie/improving-client-side-performance/  
T.J. Fogarty ` tj.ie`
  

## Sorting algorithm animation  
https://github.com/Aaron-Bird/ivy  
 ` github.com`
  

