## Cross Platforms: The Best App Development Platform to Create one App that can be Accessed on Different Mobile Platforms  
https://medium.com/@Excellentwebworld/cross-platforms-the-best-app-development-platform-to-create-one-app-that-can-be-accessed-on-99bd39ca0f17  
 ` medium.com`
  

## CSS Cube Login Form  
https://codepen.io/marko-zub/pen/mzPeOV  
 ` codepen.io`
  

## Publish/Subscribe UMD package  
https://github.com/shystruk/publish-subscribe-js  
 ` github.com`
  

## Ask EJS: Would static web pages replace wordpress in the next 3 years?  
http://www.echojs.com/news/28396  
 
  

## The Codification of Design  
https://snook.ca/archives/design/codification-of-design  
Anton Fuchs ` snook.ca`
  

## Async await deep dive  
https://applyhead.com/javascript-callback-promise-async-await/  
 ` applyhead.com`
  

## Showing a HERE Map with the Vue.js JavaScript Framework  
https://developer.here.com/blog/showing-a-here-map-with-the-vue.js-javascript-framework  
 ` developer.here.com`
  

## Halloween 2018 ðŸ‘»  
https://codier.io/challenge/ryrOv1xcX  
Kenan Yusuf ` codier.io`
  

## Introducing the Button element  
https://hankchizljaw.io/wrote/introducing-the-button-element/  
Ryan van Rooi ` hankchizljaw.io`
  

## It Doesn't Have to be Perfect  
https://itnext.io/it-doesnt-have-to-be-perfect-25071b56959b  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## create-react-app v2 released  
https://reactjs.org/blog/2018/10/01/create-react-app-v2.html  
 ` reactjs.org`
  

## Blockchain vs Traditional Database  
https://softmedialab.com/blog/blockchain-vs-traditional-database/  
 ` softmedialab.com`
  

## 9 React Styled-Components UI Libraries for 2018  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/9-react-styled-components-ui-libraries-for-2018-4e1a0bd3e179  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Learn How to Use Express with MongoDB - A Step by Step Tutorial  
https://applyhead.com/tutorial-nodejs-expressjs-mongodb-app-beginners/  
 ` applyhead.com`
  

## Learn 11ty: A Static Site Generator Tutorial  
https://snipcart.com/blog/11ty-javascript-static-site-generator-tutorial  
 ` snipcart.com`
  

## Node.js Foundation and JavaScript Foundation Announce Intent to Merge  
https://www.linuxfoundation.org/news/2018/10/node-js-foundation-and-js-foundation-announce-intent-to-create-joint-organization-to-support-the-broad-node-js-and-javascript-communities/  
 ` www.linuxfoundation.org`
  

## Configuring Webpack from scratch for Tailwind CSS with React  
https://logrocket.com/blog/webpack-from-scratch-for-tailwind-css-with-react  
 ` logrocket.com`
  

## mdncomp 2.5 released - Mozilla Browser Compatibilty Data on the Command Line  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/mdncomp  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## ng-hcaptcha - An easy-to-use hCaptcha component for Angular 6+  
https://github.com/leNicDev/ng-hcaptcha  
 ` github.com`
  

## Apply a Filter to a Background Image  
https://css-tricks.com/apply-a-filter-to-a-background-image/  
Justin Kidd ` css-tricks.com`
  

