## Advanced Cashback Business Solution for Your Coupons and Cashback Website  
https://cashbackscript.net/blog/posts/Advanced-Cashback-Business-Solution-for-Your-Coupons-and-Cashback-Website  
 ` cashbackscript.net`
  

## Overview of Proxy Servers and How We Use Them in React  
https://medium.com/gitconnected/overview-of-proxy-server-and-how-we-use-them-in-react-bf67c062b929  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Customise radio buttons without compromising accessibility  
https://www.chenhuijing.com/blog/customise-radios-without-compromising-accessibility/#%F0%9F%9A%B2  
Petra Jostad ` www.chenhuijing.com`
  

## How to Develop an AR Mobile App  
https://softmedialab.com/blog/develop-ar-mobile-app/  
 ` softmedialab.com`
  

## An imperative guide to setState in React  
https://blog.logrocket.com/an-imperative-guide-to-setstate-in-react-b837ceaf8304  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Celebrating 10 Years of V8  
https://v8project.blogspot.com/2018/09/10-years.html  
— The V8 JavaScript engine has had a huge impact on the growth of JavaScript, taking it from being a relatively slow scripting language to something surpassing many other languages on performance. This post celebrates V8’s tenth anniversary with some details about its history and development. ` Mathias Bynens`
  

## 12 Things to Consider When Evaluating Any New JavaScript Library  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-12-things-you-need-to-consider-when-evaluating-any-new-javascript-library-3908c4ed3f49  
— How do you know if a new technology, tool, or library is worth investing time into? Sacha Greif considers 12 factors to consider including features, stability, community and momentum. ` Sacha Greif`
  

## Next Generation Package Management with Tink  
https://blog.npmjs.org/post/178027064160/next-generation-package-management  
— tink (formerly ‘crux’) is a new, experimental JavaScript package manager from the folks at npm, Inc, that aims to provoke new thoughts on how package management should be handled. ` The npm Blog`
  

## You (Probably) Don't Need Moment.js  
https://github.com/you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need-Momentjs  
— Moment.js is a popular date and time manipulation library but with some downsides around tree-shaking and mutability. But do you even need it? This repo shows off the alternatives, including many native functions that do similar things. ` Various Contributors`
  

## Announcing TypeScript 3.1 RC  
https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/typescript/2018/09/13/announcing-typescript-3-1-rc/  
— 3.1 two main additions are mappable tuple and array types plus properties on function declarations. ` Microsoft`
  

## Senior Frontend Developer (Berlin, Germany)  
https://apps.digitalconcerthall.com/jobs/senior_frontend_at_bphm.pdf  
— The Digital Concert Hall team is looking for a passionate developer with strong focus on Javascript ` Berliner Philharmoniker`
  

## Senior Software Engineer in Munich, Germany (React Native)  
https://internations-jobs.personio.de/job/63647?_pc=29799  
— Build native apps for the world’s largest social network for expatriates in JavaScript. International team. ` InterNations`
  

## Try Vettery  
https://www.vettery.com/tech?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=cooper-javascriptweekly&utm_term=tech&utm_content=grouped&utm_campaign=ad-77584  
— Create a profile to connect with inspiring companies seeking JavaScript devs. ` Vettery`
  

## The 100% Correct Way to Split Your Chunks with Webpack  
https://hackernoon.com/the-100-correct-way-to-split-your-chunks-with-webpack-f8a9df5b7758  
— Know what file-splitting strategy will work best for your site and your users. ` David Gilbertson`
  

## How to Write 'X' in Both Python 3 and JavaScript  
https://sayazamurai.github.io/python-vs-javascript/  
— This cheat sheet could be useful to you in both directions, whether coming from Python or wanting to learn some. ` Saya`
  

## How to Create a Vue.js Plugin in 1 Hour  
https://snipcart.com/blog/vue-js-plugin  
— A complete, straightforward walkthrough, with code. ` Francis Cote`
  

## How to Deploy a Full-Stack Apollo App with Netlify  
https://blog.apollographql.com/deploy-a-fullstack-apollo-app-with-netlify-45a7dfd51b0b  
— How to run an API using Netlify Functions (which itself uses AWS Lambda). And if you’re into serverless, check out our newsletter. ` Sashko Stubailo`
  

## A Speedy Introduction to Web Workers in JavaScript  
https://auth0.com/blog/speedy-introduction-to-web-workers/  
— Web Workers are scripts that run in the background in separate threads and if you’ve not worked with them yet, this is a good primer. ` Dan Arias`
  

## Discussing Promises and async/await with Valeri Karpov  
https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-329-promises-promise-finally-and-async-await-with-valeri-karpov/  
▶   — Valeri is the author of the book Mastering Async/Await. ` JavaScript Jabber podcast`
  

## Updating a CSS Variable with JavaScript  
https://css-tricks.com/updating-a-css-variable-with-javascript/  
 ` Chris Coyier`
  

## The JavaScript Equality Table Game  
https://slikts.github.io/js-equality-game/  
— Test your JavaScript == equality knowledge with this quirky Minesweeper-esque game. ` slikts`
  

## Introducing GitHub Pull Requests for Visual Studio Code  
https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2018/09/10/introducing-github-pullrequests  
— Review and manage GitHub PRs directly from within VS Code. ` Kenneth Auchenberg (Microsoft)`
  

## low.js: A Node.js Port for Embedded Devices  
http://www.lowjs.org/  
— V8 is replaced with Duktape, an embeddable JS engine with an even smaller footprint suited for small devices. GitHub repo. ` neonious GmbH`
  

## wasm-worker: Move a WebAssembly Module Into Its Own Thread  
https://github.com/mbasso/wasm-worker  
 ` Matteo Basso`
  

## NLP.js: Natural Language Utilities for Node.js  
https://github.com/axa-group/nlp.js  
— Guess the language of a text, stemming/tokenization, sentiment analysis, etc. ` AXA`
  

## WatermelonDB: A New Database for React and React Native Apps  
https://github.com/Nozbe/WatermelonDB  
— Offers a new way to handle user data in React apps in a lazy-loading fashion. ` Nozbe`
  

## d3-dag: Layout Algorithms for Visualizing Directed Acylic Graphs (DAG)  
https://github.com/erikbrinkman/d3-dag  
 ` Erik Brinkman`
  

## Highway: AJAX Page Navigation with Transitions  
https://github.com/Dogstudio/highway  
 ` Dogstudio`
  

## Control Page Scroll in CSS Using Scroll Snapping  
https://alligator.io/css/scroll-snapping/  
Seb ` alligator.io`
  

## HTML elements, unite! The Voltron-like powers of combining elements.  
https://css-tricks.com/html-elements-unite-the-voltron-like-powers-of-combining-elements/  
Marcin Borowski ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Insurance policy, Security checklist for bitcoin exchanges  
https://www.cryptoexchangescript.com/insurance-policy-security-checklist-bitcoin-exchanges  
 ` www.cryptoexchangescript.com`
  

## Can we make the cryptocurrency investment business as a cryptocurrency banking platform ?  
https://www.pulsehyip.com/make-the-cryptocurrency-investment-business-as-a-cryptocurrency-banking-platform  
 ` www.pulsehyip.com`
  

## Bitcoin Doubler Script  
https://medium.com/@pulsehyipscript/free-bitcoin-hyip-script-demo-f0d4f194bb7  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Survival guide for new developers  
https://medium.com/@wesharehoodies/survival-guide-for-new-developers-12d9b048bf06  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Changes on CSS Grid Layout in percentages and indefinite height  
https://blogs.igalia.com/mrego/2018/08/10/changes-on-css-grid-layout-in-percentages-and-indefinite-height/  
Derrick Hughes ` blogs.igalia.com`
  

## Fallout 76 PC Crack CPY Setup  
https://fallout76.quora.com/  
 ` fallout76.quora.com`
  

## HTML Imports & Component-Driven Development  
https://tj.ie/html-imports-component-driven-development/  
T.J. Fogarty ` tj.ie`
  

## Web Workers: How to make the website faster?  
https://medium.com/@boris.siscanu/how-to-make-the-website-faster-da475ce9b2c2  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Security risk for opening new tabs or windows  
https://github.com/n0ruSh/blogs/issues/12  
 ` github.com`
  

