## A friendly introduction to Serverless Architecture and Why we built jerverless?  
https://medium.com/@shalithasuranga/a-friendly-introduction-to-serverless-architecture-and-why-we-built-jerverless-runtime-4c09e7d81e56  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Best JS Frameworks to Build Your Next Application  
https://dzone.com/articles/best-js-frameworks-to-build-your-next-application  
 ` dzone.com`
  

## Is eval evil? Just In Time (JIT) compiling  
https://wanago.io/2018/11/19/how-does-eval-work-and-how-is-it-evil-javascript-eval/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## The State of JavaScript 2018  
https://2018.stateofjs.com/  
Francesco Nucci ` 2018.stateofjs.com`
  

## Guide to create SSR Next.js websites using GraphQL with Postgres  
https://blog.hasura.io/create-next-js-sites-using-graphql-on-postgres-199224ad1a39  
 ` blog.hasura.io`
  

## GDPR-Compliant Contextual and Behavioral Targeting  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/contextual-and-behavioral-targeting/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Learn How to Use Vuex by Building an Online Shopping Website  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/learn-how-to-use-vuex-by-building-an-online-shopping-website  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Falcon: An Open Source, Platform Agnostic Library for Building Progressive Web Apps  
https://github.com/deity-io/falcon  
 ` github.com`
  

## Free Video Course on npx: the npm Package Runner  
https://medium.com/@elijahmanor/learn-about-the-npx-package-runner-769f6e0bc404  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Show EJS: I created a Back End Structure for Node.js  
https://github.com/AlaaMezian/NodeJs-backend-structure  
 ` github.com`
  

## Adding pipelines to JavaScript  
https://blog.logrocket.com/adding-pipelines-to-javascript-f79ae7311574  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Create a componentDidMount useEffect hook in React  
https://codedaily.io/screencasts/87/Create-a-componentDidMount-useEffect-hook-in-React  
 ` codedaily.io`
  

## Progressive Web Apps: A Convincing Case for Native-like Apps on the Web  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/progressive-web-apps-a-convincing-case-for-native-like-apps-on-the-web-8732bfa07945  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Nodejs C++/JS Boundary: Crossing The Rubicon  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/nodejs-c-js-boundary-crossing-the-rubicon-c9c5511907a2  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Show EJS: Man in the Middle â€” Firefox Extension to Modify Requests  
https://github.com/dangkyokhoang/Man-in-the-Middle  
 ` github.com`
  

## Why concept of immutability is so awfully important for a beginner front-end developer?  
https://medium.com/@hubert.zub/why-concept-of-immutability-is-so-damn-important-for-a-beginner-front-end-developer-8da85b565c8e  
hubert zub ` medium.com`
  

## Nodejs C++/JS Boundary: Crossing The Rubicon  
https://frontendfront.com/story/nodejs-cjs-boundary-crossing-the-rubicon/  
Joni Sar ` Discussion`
  

## 10 things to learn for becoming a solid full-stack JavaScript developer  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/10-things-to-learn-for-becoming-a-solid-full-stack-javascript-developer-8b76467711ac  
Trey Huffine ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## React.js & HTTP - Retrieving data from a crypto currency API.  
https://www.jsdiaries.com/react-js-http-retrieving-crypto-currencies-data-from-an-api  
 ` www.jsdiaries.com`
  

## ReX.js - Your RegEx companion  
https://areknawo.github.io/Rex  
 ` areknawo.github.io`
  

