## Curry and Function Composition  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/curry-and-function-composition-2c208d774983  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Limitrr: Better Express Rate Limiting  
https://npmjs.com/package/limitrr  
 ` npmjs.com`
  

## Angular polyfill strategies  
https://izifortune.com/angular-polyfill-strategies/  
 ` izifortune.com`
  

## Look At The Top Developers Skills In Demand For 2019  
https://feedly.com/i/entry/teczY5lHF5mnY1EOXrSANfBkWY+fly0e1bLgk6xJSvY=_167066a9e26:1936321:d42b93be  
 ` feedly.com`
  

## A JavaScript editor for you phone, in JavaScript.  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/myConsole  
 ` github.com`
  

## Launch Your Own Bug-free Affiliate Cashback Website!  
https://cashbackscript.net/blog/posts/Launch-Your-Own-Bug-free-Affiliate-Cashback-Website  
 ` cashbackscript.net`
  

## How Blockchain Technology will Work In Health care Sector?  
https://developcoins.wordpress.com/2018/11/13/blockchain-technology-in-health-care-sector/  
 ` developcoins.wordpress.com`
  

## Getting Started with Angular & Kendo UI  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/getting-started-with-angular-kendo-ui  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Cooking a Deliveroo clone with Next.js, GraphQL, Strapi and Stripe  
https://blog.strapi.io/strapi-next-setup/  
 ` blog.strapi.io`
  

## Visual Studio Code (October 2018 version 1.29)  
https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_29  
Przemyslaw Adamczewski ` code.visualstudio.com`
  

## After two years with TypeScript – was it worth it?  
https://ecom.software/after-two-years-with-typescript-was-it-worth-it/  
 ` ecom.software`
  

## Project VisBug: An experiment in web design tooling  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9V6B-tOIkc&feature=youtu.be  
Stephanie Walter ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Squoosh – Compress and compare images with different codecs, right in your browser  
https://squoosh.app/  
Andreas Krüger ` squoosh.app`
  

## Understanding Asynchronous JavaScript — the Event Loop  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/understanding-asynchronous-javascript-the-event-loop-74cd408419ff  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Introducing Angular v7  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/introducing-angular-v7-91decad2b035  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## i18n Manager - Translation manager tool with Google Translate integration  
https://github.com/gilmarsquinelato/i18n-manager  
 ` github.com`
  

## Case Study: Serving Millions of Users in Real-Time with Node.js & Microservices  
https://blog.risingstack.com/nodejs-microservices-scaling-case-study/  
 ` blog.risingstack.com`
  

## Build your own interactive JavaScript playground  
http://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/build-your-own-interactive-javascript-playground  
 ` krasimirtsonev.com`
  

## Crowdsourcing the evolution of text parsing with unified  
https://medium.com/unifiedjs/collectively-evolving-through-crowdsourcing-22c359ea95cc  
 ` medium.com`
  

## web-riimote: Turn your smartphone into a 3D controller with a web app  
https://github.com/konaraddi/web-riimote  
 ` github.com`
  

## Promise chaining is dead - Long live async/await  
https://blog.logrocket.com/promise-chaining-is-dead-long-live-async-await-445897870abc  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

