## Ecosystem of Tencent Omi Web Framework has been released.  
https://github.com/Tencent/omi/blob/master/tutorial/ecosystem.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## Kinds of Premium Grade Hang Holders  
https://doingsimplethings.jimdofree.com/2018/10/21/kinds-of-premium-grade-hang-holders/  
 ` doingsimplethings.jimdofree.com`
  

## Getting out of a productivity funk  
https://zellwk.com/blog/get-out-of-productivity-funk  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## How to review and edit a pull request  
https://zellwk.com/blog/edit-pull-request  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## Web Workers in React + Redux application  
https://hackernoon.com/web-workers-in-react-redux-application-129274e84a4e  
 ` hackernoon.com`
  

## Generate Stripe Coupons via Slack Commands using Node.js and Code on Standard Library  
https://medium.com/@notoriaga/generate-stripe-coupons-via-slack-commands-using-node-js-and-code-on-standard-library-60c4be5a1ead  
 ` medium.com`
  

## The Three Types of Performance Testing  
https://csswizardry.com/2018/10/three-types-of-performance-testing/  
Anton Fuchs ` csswizardry.com`
  

## Show EJS: VR Book Reader  
https://github.com/petrovicstefanrs/vr_book_reader  
 ` github.com`
  

## count capital letters and small letters in JavaScript  
https://www.codespeedy.com/count-capital-letters-small-letters-in-javascript/  
 ` www.codespeedy.com`
  

## Storybook 4.0 is here  
https://medium.com/storybookjs/storybook-4-0-is-here-10b9857fc7de?_branch_match_id=576445397104369228  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Create React App 2.0: What's New?  
https://auth0.com/blog/create-react-app-2.0-whats-new/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=cra2  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## Understanding Hooks in React  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/understanding-hooks-in-react-a-deep-dive-d5d5dc88ecd9  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Combining Vue, TypeScript and RxJS with Vue-Rx  
https://codeburst.io/combining-vue-typescript-and-rxjs-with-vue-rx-a084d60b6eac  
 ` codeburst.io`
  

## Create React App 2.0: Whatâ€™s New?  
https://auth0.com/blog/create-react-app-2.0-whats-new/?utm_source=frontendfront&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=cra2  
Ramiro ` auth0.com`
  

## Top 15 Icon Sets for UI Development in 2018  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/top-15-icon-sets-for-developers-in-2018-5e47d2e98f9b  
Joni Sar ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Show EJS: Invaderz - Space invaders but the invaders evolve with genetic algorithm  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/invaderz  
 ` github.com`
  

## Building a blog with Gridsome: Creating the Blog  
https://alligator.io/vuejs/gridsome-blog/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## Alternative to REST: JavaScript Client Library gRPC web now widely available - FrontNet Blog  
https://frontnet.eu/alternative-to-rest-javascript-client-library-grpc-web-now-widely-available/  
 ` frontnet.eu`
  

## How to Figure Out AWS Pricing for a Mobile Application  
https://applikeysolutions.com/blog/how-to-figure-out-aws-pricing-for-a-mobile-application  
 ` applikeysolutions.com`
  

## Firefox 63.0, See All New Features, Updates and Fixes  
https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/63.0/releasenotes/  
Ryan van Rooi ` www.mozilla.org`
  

