## Separating logic from Express routes for easier testing  
https://www.coreycleary.me/separating-logic-from-express-routes-for-easier-testing/  
 ` www.coreycleary.me`
  

## Why using localStorage directly is a bad idea (2007)  
https://michalzalecki.com/why-using-localStorage-directly-is-a-bad-idea/  
 ` michalzalecki.com`
  

## postMessage without library!  
https://develoger.com/iframe-postmessage-without-library-46369bd27568  
Dusan Radojevic ` develoger.com`
  

## Build a Lead Generator in 5 Minutes with Typeform, Clearbit, Airtable and Standard Library  
https://medium.com/@janeth_10755/build-a-lead-generator-in-5-minutes-with-typeform-clearbit-airtable-and-standard-library-2d8847846839  
 ` medium.com`
  

## nanogallery2 v2.3.0 just released with better performances  
https://github.com/nanostudio-org/nanogallery2/releases/tag/v2.3.0  
 ` github.com`
  

## High-level hints on React Native performance improvements  
https://brainhub.eu/blog/react-native-performance/  
 ` brainhub.eu`
  

## Tests Coverage is Dead  -  Long Live Mutation Testing  
https://medium.com/appsflyer/tests-coverage-is-dead-long-live-mutation-testing-7fd61020330e  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Suggesting Places with jQuery, Geolocation, and the HERE Places API  
https://developer.here.com/blog/suggesting-places-with-jquery-geolocation-and-the-here-places-api  
 ` developer.here.com`
  

## JavaScript typeof  
https://blog.logrocket.com/javascript-typeof-2511d53a1a62  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Level promises/callbacks landscape with promback  
https://github.com/rmdm/promback  
 ` github.com`
  

## Ask EJS: Which are the finest JavaScript libraries and tools I can start with?  
http://www.echojs.com/news/28276  
 ` www.echojs.com`
  

## Goodbye JavaScript, Hello WebAssembly  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/goodbye-javascript-hello-webassembly  
Elmira ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Detect If Internet Connection Exists with JavaScript  
https://code.askmein.com/detect-if-internet-connection-exists-with-javascript/  
 ` code.askmein.com`
  

## 16 Hand-Picked JavaScript Podcasts Still Running in 2018  
https://snipcart.com/blog/javascript-podcasts  
 ` snipcart.com`
  

## Gitea.js: A Wrapper for Gitea Using its REST API  
https://github.com/waspothegreat/gitea.js  
 ` github.com`
  

## ColorPick is a tool to create colors palette  
https://github.com/colorswall/colorpick  
 ` github.com`
  

## Announcing TypeScript 3.1  
https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-3-1/  
 ` blogs.msdn.microsoft.com`
  

## The “Developer Experience” Bait-and-Switch  
https://infrequently.org/2018/09/the-developer-experience-bait-and-switch/  
Jamie Nicholls ` infrequently.org`
  

## Reusable Components in React — A Practical Guide  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/reusable-components-in-react-a-practical-guide-ec15a81a4d71  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## FIFA 19 Crack CPY Release on PC  
https://www.deviantart.com/fifa19crack  
 ` www.deviantart.com`
  

