## Why your choice of software testing suites matters  
https://techbeacon.com/why-your-choice-software-testing-suites-matters  
Cesar ` techbeacon.com`
  

## Styling Broken Images  
https://scotch.io/bar-talk/styling-broken-images  
Vinay Dabral ` scotch.io`
  

## Cryptocurrency Trends and bitcoin price predictions 2019  
https://www.bitdeal.net/cryptocurrency-industry-trends-and-price-predictions-2019  
 ` www.bitdeal.net`
  

## A Beginner's Guide to JavaScript Prototypes  
https://tylermcginnis.com/beginners-guide-to-javascript-prototype/  
— It’s aimed at beginners but this guide is really extensive and packed with examples, so it’s worth a skim unless you’re Kyle Simpson or something :-) ` Tyler McGinnis`
  

## Plans for the Next Iteration of Vue.js  
https://medium.com/the-vue-point/plans-for-the-next-iteration-of-vue-js-777ffea6fabf  
— The creator of Vue.js, a popular alternative to things like React and Angular, gives a ‘brief sneak peek’ at what’s coming in the next major version of Vue, Vue 3.0. ` Evan You`
  

## Create React App 2.0 Released  
https://reactjs.org/blog/2018/10/01/create-react-app-v2.html  
— A significant release of a project that’s had a huge effect on the adoption of React by making it easier to get a project started. Psst.. we have a React newsletter too. ` Joe Haddad and Dan Abramov`
  

## The Node.js Foundation and JS Foundation Plan to Merge  
https://www.linuxfoundation.org/news/2018/10/node-js-foundation-and-js-foundation-announce-intent-to-create-joint-organization-to-support-the-broad-node-js-and-javascript-communities/  
— Isomorphic foundations! This could also explain why the forthcoming Node+JS Interactive conference was renamed from JS Interactive recently :-) ` The Linux Foundation`
  

## 'Goodbye' JavaScript, Hello WebAssembly  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/goodbye-javascript-hello-webassembly  
— It’s not been pushed to its full potential yet, but WebAssembly (a binary instruction format that compilers can target to run code fast in the browser) opens up a lot of potential for the Web, though, as Ed notes, JavaScript continues to have a role to play. ` Ed Charbeneau`
  

## How To Build a News App with Angular 6 and Material Design  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/10/news-application-with-angular-and-material-design/  
— We always love a good Smashing Magazine walkthrough - this time out, it’s about building a basic news app (for both desktop and mobile) using Angular and Google’s Material Design principles. ` Rachid Sakara`
  

## Awesome VS Code: A Curated List of VS Code Packages and Resources  
https://github.com/viatsko/awesome-vscode  
— Yep, it’s one of those ‘awesome’ lists - this time it’s a list packed with over a hundred links to themes and extensions, both language specific and general productivity ones. ` Valerii Iatsko`
  

## JavaScript Developer at X-Team (Remote)  
https://x-team.com/remote-javascript-developer-jobs/?utm_source=cooperpress&utm_medium=email-ad&utm_campaign=js  
— We help our developers keep learning and growing every day. Unleash your potential. Work from anywhere. Join X-Team. ` x-team`
  

## Mid-Level Front End Engineer @ HITRECORD (Full Time, Los Angeles)  
https://hitrecord.org/jobs  
— Our small dynamic team is looking for an experienced frontend developer to help build and iterate features for an open online community for creative collaboration. ` Hitrecord`
  

## Join Our Career Marketplace & Get Matched With A Job You Love  
https://www.hired.com/javascriptweekly  
— Through Hired, software engineers have transparency into salary offers, competing opportunities, and job details. ` Hired`
  

## Building a Complex Financial Chart with D3 and d3fc  
https://blog.scottlogic.com/2018/09/21/d3-financial-chart.html  
— Reproducing the sort of graph you might see on Yahoo Finance, say. ` Colin Eberhardt`
  

## Using React/JSX as a Server-Side Templating Language  
https://blog.kentcdodds.com/react-jsx-as-a-server-side-templating-language-e238555dbc08  
— Using React function components to render your website’s skeleton index.html ` Kent C. Dodds`
  

## Barcode Detection in a Web Worker using Comlink  
https://paul.kinlan.me/barcode-detection-in-a-web-worker-using-comlink-/  
— Comlink is a library that makes WebWorkers more transparent to work with. ` Paul Kinlan`
  

## What's New with Components as of Ember 3.4  
https://thejsguy.com/2018/09/25/what's-new-with-components-as-of-ember-3.4.html  
 ` David Tang`
  

## Working with Babel 7 and Webpack  
https://www.thebasement.be/working-with-babel-7-and-webpack/  
— Goes through setting up a project with Webpack and Babel 7, highlighting the basics of Babel plus some cool features of what it can do with your code. ` Jan D'Hollander`
  

## Professor Frisby's Mostly Adequate Guide to Functional Programming  
https://mostly-adequate.gitbooks.io/mostly-adequate-guide/  
— If you’ve got some spare time at the weekend and want to get into some FP with JS, this is a good read. ` Lonsdorf, Benkort, Takle, et al.`
  

## How to Build Serverless Vue Applications with AWS Amplify  
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-build-serverless-vue-applications-with-aws-amplify-67d16c79e9d6  
— We also have a serverless newsletter if that’s your kinda thing. ` Nader Dabit`
  

## A Very Basic Introduction to Custom Elements  
https://dev.to/jamesrweb/an-introduction-to-custom-elements-5327  
 ` James Robb`
  

## Husky: Git Hooks Made Easy  
https://github.com/typicode/husky  
— Prevent bad commits, pushes, etc. by running tests or more automatically. 1.0, now just out, is a complete rewrite in TypeScript. ` Typicode`
  

## Sal: Lightweight Scroll Animation Library  
https://mciastek.github.io/sal/  
— Coming in at just 2.8KB, this vanilla JS library is performance focused with no dependencies. GitHub repo. ` Mirosław Ciastek`
  

## Highground.js: ES6-Focused Unit Testing  
https://github.com/danielstern/highground  
— Highground is currently in beta and presents an alternative fast and easy way to test ES6 apps. ` Daniel Stern`
  

## ekill: A Chrome Extension to 'Nuke' Annoying Elements on a Web Page  
https://github.com/rhardih/ekill  
— Could be useful in development as well. ` René Hansen`
  

## Wax: Experimental, JSX-compatible Renderer for the Web Audio API  
https://github.com/jamesseanwright/wax  
— An interesting idea that brings a JSX-style approach for managing audio nodes. ` James Wright`
  

## imgToAscii: A JavaScript Image to ASCII Converter  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/imgToAscii  
— Runs in the browser, too. ` Victor Ribeiro`
  

## Fanray: A Blog System Built with ASP.NET Core and Vue.js  
https://github.com/fanraymedia/fanray  
— Runs on .NET Core 2.1 and SQL Server. ` Ray Fan`
  

## Simplified Angular unit testing  
https://logrocket.com/blog/angular-unit-testing/  
 ` logrocket.com`
  

## Create a Restaurant Mobile App with React.js  
https://websoptimizationsoftwaresolution.wordpress.com/2018/04/12/mobile-app-development-for-restaurant/  
 ` websoptimizationsoftwaresolution.wordpress.com`
  

## CSS Only Floated Labels with :placeholder-shown pseudo class  
https://callmenick.com/dev/floated-labels-with-placeholder-shown/  
Derrick Hughes ` callmenick.com`
  

## The Way We Talk About CSS  
https://www.rachelandrew.co.uk/archives/2018/10/04/the-way-we-talk-about-css/  
Jamie Nicholls ` www.rachelandrew.co.uk`
  

## THE DIFFERENT KINDS OF STOCK LANYARDS  
https://einsturown.wixsite.com/makingsimplethings/single-post/2018/10/05/THE-DIFFERENT-KINDS-OF-STOCK-LANYARDS  
 ` einsturown.wixsite.com`
  

## A Layer Above Database Connectors that Provides a Common API, like PDO and JDBC, but for Node.js  
https://medium.com/@paleo.said/a-layer-above-database-connectors-that-provides-a-common-api-like-pdo-and-jdbc-but-for-node-js-cf7e47666c81  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Neutralinojs v1.0.6-alpha released!  
https://github.com/neutralinojs/neutralinojs/releases/tag/v1.0.6-alpha  
 ` github.com`
  

## Glean for VSCode - refactoring tools suite for React codebases  
https://github.com/wix/vscode-glean  
 ` github.com`
  

## World outside of console.log  
https://applyhead.com/must-know-javascript-console-tricks/  
 ` applyhead.com`
  

## simple-keyboard 2.5.0 released! now with cursor positioning support (virtual keyboard)  
https://franciscohodge.com/projects/simple-keyboard/2.5.0  
 ` franciscohodge.com`
  

## Vuesax Framework for Vuejs: New Update v3.5.0  
https://github.com/lusaxweb/vuesax/releases/tag/v3.5.0  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Shapes of CSS  
https://css-tricks.com/the-shapes-of-css/  
Viktor Berezin ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Creating an Avengers app using the Ionic API, React and Redux  
https://javascripttuts.com/creating-avengers-app-using-ionic-api-react-redux/  
 ` javascripttuts.com`
  

## A Timing Attack with CSS Selectors and JavaScript  
https://blog.sheddow.xyz/css-timing-attack/  
 ` blog.sheddow.xyz`
  

## Simulate Mobile Devices with Device Mode in Chrome DevTools  
https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/device-mode/  
 
  

## project-explorer: a CLI tool to create an annotated tree visualization of any project  
https://github.com/sdras/project-explorer  
 
  

## What’s new in Microsoft Edge in the Windows 10 October 2018 Update  
https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2018/10/04/edgehtml-18-october-2018-update/  
 
  

## Chrome 70 — What’s New in DevTools  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJq8vg8ktdQ&index=2&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBDSojZWBv4QJNoT4GNYzQD&linkId=57789820  
, including monitoring JavaScript expressions in real time with Live Expressions, enabling network throttling from the Command Menu, and more 
  

## Terms & Conditions & Accessibility  
https://medium.com/@carlneubert/terms-conditions-accessibility-92a01a6938c0  
 
  

## How we made the Basecamp 3 Jump Menu accessible  
https://m.signalvnoise.com/the-next-big-jump-in-basecamp-accessibility-a2119c08309e  
 
  

## Writing good text alternatives  
https://medium.com/@amyalexandraleak/should-you-use-alt-text-or-a-caption-48311e259ded  
 
  

## Multibox Menu  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2018/10/03/multibox-menu/  
— A simple grid-powered multibox menu where the boxes get shown with a reveal animation coming from different directions. 
  

## Moving Backgrounds With Mouse Position  
https://css-tricks.com/moving-backgrounds-with-mouse-position/  
 
  

## CSS Debugging and Optimization: Browser-based Developer Tools  
https://www.sitepoint.com/css-debugging-and-optimization-browser-based-developer-tools/  
, 
  

## , Code-quality Tools  
https://www.sitepoint.com/css-debugging-and-optimization-code-quality-tools/  
, 
  

## , Minification with CSSO  
https://www.sitepoint.com/css-debugging-and-optimization-minification-csso/  
 
  

## Use Cases For Flexbox  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/10/flexbox-use-cases/  
 
  

## Creating Flexible Layouts with Flexbox  
https://www.sitepoint.com/creating-flexible-layouts-with-flexbox/  
 
  

## Sass Selectors: To Nest Or Not To Nest?  
http://bradfrost.com/blog/post/sass-selectors-to-nest-or-not-to-nest/  
 
  

## Scribble-Font  
https://github.com/vladocar/Scribble-Font  
— Scribble Font for Prototyping & Wireframing 
  

## JavaScript Functional Programming Explained: Fusion & Transduction  
https://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript-functional-programming-explained-fusion-transduction  
 
  

## How to stop using console.log() and start using your browser’s debugger  
https://medium.com/datadriveninvestor/stopping-using-console-log-and-start-using-your-browsers-debugger-62bc893d93ff  
 
  

## Why every beginner front-end developer should know publish-subscribe pattern?  
https://itnext.io/why-every-beginner-front-end-developer-should-know-publish-subscribe-pattern-72a12cd68d44  
AKA: How to understand asynchronous JS code in a less painful way. 
  

## JavaScript Functions, a Pocket Reference  
https://medium.com/@ajmeyghani/javascript-functions-a-pocket-reference-d42597ceb496  
 
  

## JavaScript Prototypes, a Pocket Reference  
https://medium.com/@ajmeyghani/javascript-prototypes-a-pocket-reference-d88f550ffce3  
 
  

## A practical ES6 guide on how to perform HTTP requests using the Fetch API  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-practical-es6-guide-on-how-to-perform-http-requests-using-the-fetch-api-594c3d91a547  
 
  

## Why I chose Vue.js over React  
https://medium.com/@luistinygod/why-i-chose-vue-js-over-react-509ad12d7b53  
 
  

## The joy of building Vue apps in Typescript — Part 1: Vue Class Components  
https://medium.com/coding-blocks/the-joy-of-building-vue-apps-in-typescript-part-1-vue-class-components-8291bb6213d8  
 
  

## Building a Google search clone SPA with Vue and Flask  
https://scotch.io/bar-talk/building-a-google-search-clone-spa-with-vue-and-flask  
 
  

## Unit Test Your First Vue.js Component  
https://frontstuff.io/unit-test-your-first-vuejs-component  
 
  

## Deep Dive Into The New Vue Devtools v5.0  
https://medium.com/@brandonl.4231/new-features-in-vue-devtools-v5-0-and-why-they-are-useful-3ce732fdc7a0  
 
  

## Free Vue.js bootstrap admin templates — 2018  
https://medium.com/@jeweltheme/free-vue-js-bootstrap-admin-templates-2018-7acd54b88a19  
 
  

## Getting Started: React and GSAP Animations  
https://greensock.com/react  
 
  

## React Podcast 23: Ditch Authority with Sunil Pai  
https://reactpodcast.com/23  
 
  

## React/JSX as a server-side templating language  
https://blog.kentcdodds.com/react-jsx-as-a-server-side-templating-language-e238555dbc08  
 
  

## Components testing in React: what and how to test with Jest and Enzyme.  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/components-testing-in-react-what-and-how-to-test-with-jest-and-enzyme-7c1cace99de5  
 
  

## These React Fundamentals You Skip may be Killing You  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/these-react-fundamentals-you-skip-may-be-killing-you-7629fb87dd4a  
 
  

## The Deep Dive — Migration From Angular to React  
https://medium.com/hoopeez/the-deep-dive-migration-from-angular-to-react-ea5a807e95eb  
 
  

## Long-term React & Redux SPA — Lessons learned  
https://notes.devlabs.bg/long-term-react-redux-spa-lessons-learned-14daca3a26ba  
 
  

## Best practices for a clean and performant Angular application  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/best-practices-for-a-clean-and-performant-angular-application-288e7b39eb6f  
 
  

## How to use animation with Angular 6  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-use-animation-with-angular-6-675b19bc3496  
 
  

## How To Build A News Application With Angular 6 And Material Design  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/10/news-application-with-angular-and-material-design/  
 
  

## Exploring Drag and Drop with the new Angular Material CDK  
https://blog.angularindepth.com/exploring-drag-and-drop-with-the-angular-material-cdk-2e0237857290  
 
  

## What to consider when upgrading from AngularJS to Angular 2.0+  
https://medium.com/@simbasagwete/what-to-consider-when-upgrading-from-angularjs-to-angular-2-0-24e69fcefded  
 
  

## lvovich  
https://github.com/nodkz/lvovich  
— JS library to inflect people names, cities names in Russian 
  

## Cogear.JS  
https://github.com/codemotion/cogear.js  
— modern static websites generator 
  

## imgToAscii  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/imgToAscii  
— A JavaScript implementation of an image to Ascii code 
  

## ferret  
https://github.com/MontFerret/ferret  
— a web scraping system aiming to simplify data extraction from the web for such things like UI testing, machine learning, and analytics 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #77 (1–7 October 2018)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-77-1-7-october-2018-13bdb4f39a48  
frontender ` medium.com`
  

