## Demystifying The Service Worker Lifecycle  
https://scotch.io/tutorials/demystifying-the-service-worker-lifecycle  
Vinay Dabral ` scotch.io`
  

## csv-file-validator: Validation of CSV file against user defined schema  
https://github.com/shystruk/csv-file-validator  
 ` github.com`
  

## Managing Git branches with Git Flow  
https://zellwk.com/blog/git-flow  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## Better Promises  
https://francisco.io/blog/better-promises/  
Alfredo Higuero ` francisco.io`
  

## What's New in Vue Devtools 5.0 Beta  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/whats-new-in-vue-devtools-5-beta  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Top Up With Affiliate Cashback Website  
https://cashbackscript.net/blog/posts/Top-Up-With-Affiliate-Cashback-Website  
 ` cashbackscript.net`
  

## Show EchoJS: Translate any layman text to its geeky version!  
http://geeksay.xyz/  
 ` geeksay.xyz`
  

## World’s Most Flexible Grid Builder  
https://dnomak.com/flexiblegs/grid-builder/  
dnomak ` dnomak.com`
  

## Immutable Data with Immer and React setState  
https://codedaily.io/tutorials/58/Immutable-Data-with-Immer-and-React-setState  
 ` codedaily.io`
  

## New PHP Templating repo (Learning/development purposes)  
https://github.com/tomkiernan120/Guacamole  
 ` github.com`
  

## Bitcoin Exchange Mobile Application Development Company  
https://www.bitdeal.net/bitcoin-exchange-mobile-app-development-services  
 ` www.bitdeal.net`
  

## How to Test React Components using Jest and Enzyme  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/how-to-test-react-components-using-jest-and-enzyme-fab851a43875  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Developing a Real-Time, Collaborative Editor with Pusher  
https://auth0.com/blog/developing-a-real-time-collaborative-editor-with-pusher/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=pusher_nodejs  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## Show EchoJS: ReactResources.co - Curated list for all-things-React  
https://reactresources.co/  
 ` reactresources.co`
  

## Mastering Modular JavaScript  
https://github.com/mjavascript/mastering-modular-javascript/tree/master  
Francesco Nucci ` github.com`
  

## Vuesax Framework for vuejs New Component Textarea  
https://lusaxweb.github.io/vuesax/components/textarea.html  
 ` lusaxweb.github.io`
  

## SnapTrash: a mobile app to get rid of plastic waste  
https://www.designernews.co/stories/97524-snaptrash-a-mobile-app-to-get-rid-of-plastic-waste  
 ` www.designernews.co`
  

## Managing multiple central stores with Vuex  
https://blog.logrocket.com/managing-multiple-central-stores-with-vuex-74cc44646043  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Why It’s Important to Unsubscribe from RxJS Subscription  
https://netbasal.com/why-its-important-to-unsubscribe-from-rxjs-subscription-a7a6455d6a02  
Netanel Basal ` netbasal.com`
  

## Putting things on top of other things  
http://tellthemachines.com/stacking-contexts/  
Andreas Krüger ` tellthemachines.com`
  

## Meso javascript  
https://github.com/futsum/mesotheliomaClassification  
 ` github.com`
  

## The noun project  
https://thenounproject.com/  
 ` thenounproject.com`
  

## Don’t use empty or low content for your design system grid examples  
https://css-tricks.com/dont-use-empty-or-low-content-for-your-design-system-grid-examples/  
Derrick Hughes ` css-tricks.com`
  

