## Magical, Mystical JavaScript Transducers  
https://jrsinclair.com/articles/2019/magical-mystical-js-transducers/  
 ` jrsinclair.com`
  

## Express server for an Angular application part 6: limit connections and prevent DDoS  
https://medium.com/@marcozuccaroli/express-server-for-an-angular-application-part-5-limit-connections-and-prevent-ddos-e27902cc702b  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Introduction to GraphQL Mutations  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/graphql-mutations-graphql-essentials-part-ii-f4f255b34f03?source=friends_link&sk=5e552789d22498dbe5d8f2172b542c2d  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## inline-loops.macro - Babel macro to inline iteration methods into native loops for performance  
https://github.com/planttheidea/inline-loops.macro  
 ` github.com`
  

## Android vs iOS App Development | Which to choose in 2019?  
https://kodytechnolab.com/android-vs-ios-development-comparison  
 ` kodytechnolab.com`
  

## AI Versus Chatbot - Conversational User Interface  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/aiversus-tvrain-case-study/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Publish Location Data from a Raspberry Pi to HERE XYZ and View it on a Map  
https://developer.here.com/blog/publish-location-data-from-a-raspberry-pi-to-here-xyz-and-view-it-on-a-map  
 ` developer.here.com`
  

## Introducing React 16.8, featuring official support for Hooks  
https://blog.logrocket.com/introducing-react-16-8-featuring-official-support-for-hooks/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Modern website colors palette  
https://colorswall.com/palette/3283  
 ` colorswall.com`
  

## How to write End to End tests for Next.js apps  
https://buttercms.com/blog/how-to-test-nextjs-apps  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

## Atomic Design for Design Systems  
https://www.cjcid.com/articles/atomic-design-for-design-systems/  
Chris Cid ` www.cjcid.com`
  

## How to increase your productivity while working remotely  
https://learnwithparam.com/blog/how-i-improved-my-productivity-while-working-remotely/  
Paramanantham ` learnwithparam.com`
  

## Improving Browser Performance 10x  
https://engineering.universe.com/improving-browser-performance-10x-f9551927dcff  
 ` engineering.universe.com`
  

## How to Use the KendoReact Editor  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/how-to-use-the-kendoreact-editor  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Tips for Good Communication in Software Development Teams  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/tips-for-good-communication-in-software-development-teams-9797a7a70736  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Introducing new React Lightbox!  
https://dev.to/piotrzdziarski/react-lightbox-introducing-fullscreen-lightbox-basic-5aao  
 ` dev.to`
  

## A Day in the Life (of a Software Developer) [Beatles + dev = ?]  
https://www.vincit.com/blog/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-software-developer  
 ` www.vincit.com`
  

## 10 most popular NPM packages!  
https://areknawo.com/10-most-popular-npm-packages/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## Micromustache v6 is a total rewrite in TypeScript  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/micromustache  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## Your Website Content Migration Checklist: 3 Crucial Steps  
https://buttercms.com/blog/your-website-content-migration-checklist-3-crucial-steps  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

