## Some pretty js clock code collection  
https://a-jie.github.io/clock-shop/  
 ` a-jie.github.io`
  

## Coding vs Programming – What’s the Difference?  
https://www.goodcore.co.uk/blog/coding-vs-programming/  
 ` www.goodcore.co.uk`
  

## Say yes to auto deploy, it can be only one click away!  
https://medium.com/wehkamp-techblog/say-yes-to-auto-deploy-it-can-be-only-one-click-away-64f43ae82d9a  
cyanic ` medium.com`
  

## Zero Divs! Pure CSS pixel art animation!  
https://codepen.io/ivorjetski/full/xxKBWBN  
Viktor Berezin ` codepen.io`
  

## Run a NodeJS HTTP ExpressJS Server on Multiple CPU Cores  
https://coderrocketfuel.com/article/run-a-node-js-http-express-js-server-on-multiple-cpu-cores  
 ` coderrocketfuel.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 92  
https://webkit.org/blog/9568/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-92/  
Nicolas Géroux ` webkit.org`
  

## Endb - A simple database with multiple dialects.  
https://github.com/chroventer/endb  
 ` github.com`
  

## Employees Test Database Scripts for 15 RDBMS  
https://github.com/cristiscu/employees-test-database  
 ` github.com`
  

## Free React Native Starter Kit. Built without Expo  
https://flatlogic.com/templates/react-native-starter-free  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## Prolog interpreter written in TypeScript  
https://github.com/kkty/prolog  
 ` github.com`
  

## Javascript library to parse text into flowcharts, sequence graphs, and more...  
https://github.com/knsv/mermaid  
 ` github.com`
  

## React Component npm package boilerplate with hooks, typescript, lint, jest and example hot reload  
https://www.wolesblog.com/react-component-npm-package-boilerplate-with-hooks-typescript-lint-jest-and-example-part-1/  
 ` www.wolesblog.com`
  

## Top JavaScript Maps API and Libraries  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/top-javascript-maps-api-and-libraries/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## FREE Software | SPARKLE - Software Programming Mastery via Spaced Repetition  
https://visit-sparkle.apricity.co.in/  
 ` visit-sparkle.apricity.co.in`
  

## Variable fonts & the new Google Fonts API  
https://rwt.io/typography-tips/variable-fonts-new-google-fonts-api  
Adam Evans ` rwt.io`
  

## Blog Post: Why React Native is the Future?  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/why-react-native-is-the-future/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## Scalable, stateful, and reusable API mocks provided by a Node.js app.  
https://endpoint-imposter.js.org/  
 ` endpoint-imposter.js.org`
  

## Hackable JSON discovery tool (+ browser extension)  
https://github.com/discoveryjs/discovery  
 ` github.com`
  

## Going offline with microformats  
https://adactio.com/journal/15844  
 
  

## Complete Guide to Responsive Images!  
https://medium.com/@elad/a-complete-guide-for-responsive-images-b13db359c6c7  
 
  

## More options to help websites preview their content on Google Search  
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2019/09/more-controls-on-search.html  
 
  

## Do you really need a PWA? Here are four questions to help you decide.  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/four-questions-to-understand-if-you-need-pwa/  
 
  

## Frankenstein Migration: Framework-Agnostic Approach (Part 1)  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/09/frankenstein-migration-framework-agnostic-approach-part-1/  
, 
  

## , (Part 2)  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/09/frankenstein-migration-framework-agnostic-approach-part-2/  
 
  

## Why Progressive Web Apps Are The Future of Mobile Web  
https://ymedialabs.com/progressive-web-apps  
 
  

## A guide to implemen­ting dark modes on websites  
https://www.kooslooijesteijn.net/blog/add-dark-mode-to-website?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## Podcast “Web-standards” — 194. Eric Meyer and Max Böck on HTML, CSS, and Web standards  
https://medium.com/web-standards/episode-194-1b738288c6ba  
 
  

## Image and Video sizesfor Social Media.  
https://socialsizes.io/  
 
  

## navi — An interactive cheatsheet tool for the command-line   
https://github.com/denisidoro/navi  
 
  

## Investigate animation performance with DevTools  
https://calibreapp.com/blog/investigate-animation-performance-with-devtools/  
 
  

## Performance metrics for blazingly fast web apps  
https://blog.superhuman.com/performance-metrics-for-blazingly-fast-web-apps-ec12efa26bcb  
 
  

## Is It Time to Embrace AMP?  
https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2019/09/is-it-time-to-embrace-amp/  
 
  

## Using the Google API to access variable fonts.  
https://variablefonts.dev/posts/fira-code-google-api-demo/  
 
  

## Smarter custom properties with Houdini’s new API  
https://web.dev/css-props-and-vals  
 
  

## How CSS Grid changes the way we think about structuring our content  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/css-grid-changes-how-we-can-think-about-structuring-our-content/  
 
  

## JavaScript in 3D: an Introduction to Three.js  
https://medium.com/@bretcameron/javascript-in-3d-an-introduction-to-three-js-780f1e4a2e6d  
 
  

## 6 Things you probably did not know javascript could do natively  
https://enmascript.com/articles/2019/09/24/6-things-you-probably-did-not-know-javascript-could-do-natively  
 
  

## Filtering Data Client-Side: Comparing CSS, jQuery, and React  
https://css-tricks.com/filtering-data-client-side-comparing-css-jquery-and-react/  
 
  

## Chaining styles with a JavaScript Proxy  
https://tobiasahlin.com/blog/chaining-styles-with-proxy/  
 
  

## An Explanation of How the Intersection Observer Watches  
https://css-tricks.com/an-explanation-of-how-the-intersection-observer-watches/  
 
  

## Finite State Machines in React  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/finite-state-machines-in-react  
 
  

## How to structure your Vue project for the long term  
https://medium.com/glovo-engineering/how-to-structure-your-vue-project-for-the-long-term-657817a2a002  
 
  

## 15 Must-Have Vue Directives That Will Significantly Maximize Your Productivity  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/15-must-have-vue-directives-that-will-significantly-maximize-your-productivity  
 
  

## Building Chrome Extensions with Vue.js  
https://medium.com/@simoneldevig_80359/building-chrome-extensions-with-vue-js-cafaefb82bd4  
 
  

## How To Use Components Recursively in Angular  
https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-use-components-recursively-in-angular-6569459f6318  
 
  

## Angular and Accessibility: Issues and Strategies  
https://www.deque.com/blog/angular-and-accessibility-issues-and-strategies/  
 
  

## How To Handle Async Providers in Angular  
https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-handle-async-providers-in-angular-51884647366  
 
  

## Ember 3.13 Released (Octane Preview)  
https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/09/25/ember-3-13-released.html  
 
  

## Promises and UI states in Ember.js  
https://embersteps.com/promises-and-ui-states-in-ember-js/  
 
  

## JSJ 395: The New Ember with Mike North  
https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-395-the-new-ember-with-mike-north/  
 
  

## Animating Across Routes with Ember Animated  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4Mt-dDqkk0  
 
  

## Browser Engine Diversity  
https://css-tricks.com/browser-engine-diversity/  
Derrick Hughes ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Things you may not know about Chrome DevTools  
https://dev.to/lpellis/things-you-may-not-know-about-chrome-devtools-53k6  
Eric Stafford ` dev.to`
  

