## State Management with Redux - A generic way to facilitate up to 90% of your API calls  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/state-management-with-redux-50f3ec10c10a  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## JavaScript 2019: Are we at the beginning of a new era?  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/javascript-2019-are-we-at-the-beginning-of-a-new-era-e5eb0c16883a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Omi 6.0 released - a simple store system  
https://tencent.github.io/omi/site/docs/index.html#/store?index=1&subIndex=6  
 ` tencent.github.io`
  

## Using VW inside TranslateZ = Cool resize parallax  
https://codepen.io/jcoulterdesign/pen/aMrgvq  
Viktor Berezin ` codepen.io`
  

## Can I Stop? (IE11 monthly usage)  
https://canistop.net/  
Ryan van Rooi ` canistop.net`
  

## The best time to npm init  
https://zellwk.com/blog/best-time-to-npm-init  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## advanced excel training in bangalore  
http://jumpmasterlearning.com/  
 ` jumpmasterlearning.com`
  

## Why Truckers Need A Trucking Business Software?  
https://www.apurple.co/best-truck-dispatch-software/  
 ` www.apurple.co`
  

## A React-based web video player that makes streaming easy  
https://medium.com/@xiaoyuhen1994/griffith-a-react-based-web-video-player-that-makes-streaming-easy-bdfbbac14986  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Proper runtime validation and processing of JavaScript types  
https://github.com/medikoo/type#type  
 ` github.com`
  

## A JavaScript library for paginating data from multiple sources ü¶ë  
https://github.com/chrisvxd/combine-pagination  
 ` github.com`
  

## Mobile application development: Top 9 steps to build your startup  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/9-steps-for-the-app-development/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## JSCasts ep4 - Mocking and stubbing with sinon.js in automated tests  
https://youtu.be/snnHZAkwCoQ  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## Solid‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäThe Best JavaScript UI Library You‚Äôve Never Heard Of  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/solid-the-best-javascript-ui-library-youve-never-heard-of-297b22848ac1  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Typescript introduction(‚Ö†II)  
https://github.com/n0ruSh/blogs/issues/20  
 ` github.com`
  

## Solid‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäThe Best JavaScript UI Library You‚Äôve Never Heard Of  
https://medium.com/p/solid-the-best-javascript-ui-library-youve-never-heard-of-297b22848ac1  
Trey Huffine ` medium.com`
  

## Why you should use CSS env()  
https://blog.logrocket.com/why-you-should-use-css-env-9ee719ce0f24  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Simple Example of jQuery Autocomplete  
https://www.js-tutorials.com/jquery-tutorials/simple-example-jquery-autocomplete/  
 ` www.js-tutorials.com`
  

## The Journey from SPA to Isomorphic  
https://medium.com/@sujankanwar/the-journey-from-spa-to-isomorphic-24f8d3fd1232  
 ` medium.com`
  

## How to Encrypt in JavaScript and Decrypt String in PHP using AES and Cryptojs  
https://www.phpflow.com/php/encrypt-javascript-decrypt-string-php-using-aes-cryptojs/  
 ` www.phpflow.com`
  

## Algorithms & Data Structures Explained and Implemented in JavaScript  
https://github.com/amejiarosario/dsa.js  
 ` github.com`
  

## JavaScript Fundamentals: Mastering Arrays  
https://itnext.io/javascript-fundamentals-mastering-arrays-4f5b446287db  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## How to use Axios with JavaScript  
https://alligator.io/js/axios-vanilla-js  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## Mosaic - A declarative, front-end JavaScript library for building user interfaces.  
https://github.com/Authman2/Mosaic  
 ` github.com`
  

## JavaScript and React are in demand: The HackerRank Developer Skills Report 2019  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/javascript-and-react-are-in-demand-the-hackerrank-developer-skills-report-2019-is-here-297f142fe2d8  
 ` medium.com`
  

## JavaScript Notifications Tutorial  
https://superjavascript.com/t/javascript-notifications/  
 ` superjavascript.com`
  

## New WebKit Features in Safari 12.1  
https://webkit.org/blog/8718/new-webkit-features-in-safari-12-1/  
Nicolas G√©roux ` webkit.org`
  

## Controlled and uncontrolled component design pattern in React  
https://github.com/n0ruSh/blogs/issues/21  
 ` github.com`
  

## Maximize Your Business Profit With Digital Marketing Services  
https://seo-warriors-digital-marketing-agency.blogspot.com/2019/04/improve-your-brand-perception-with.html  
 ` seo-warriors-digital-marketing-agency.blogspot.com`
  

## Clone Scripts | Website Clone | Mobile App Clone Scripts - Startupmart  
https://www.startupmart.net/  
 ` www.startupmart.net`
  

## Improve Your Brand Perception With Reputation Management  
https://www.seowarriors.info/improve-your-brand-perception-with-reputation-management  
 ` www.seowarriors.info`
  

## Generating Fake Data In Laravel 5.8 | Laravel Seeding  
https://www.phpflow.com/php/generating-fake-data-in-laravel-5-8-laravel-seeding/  
 ` www.phpflow.com`
  

## How to use Internationalization (i18n) in Angular  
https://alligator.io/angular/internationalization  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## How and Why to Add PWA Features to the Angular Web App  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/add-pwa-features-to-the-angular-web-app/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## Better identifying duplicate articles when doing a systematic review  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/dtf/  
 ` github.com`
  

## HexGL: Built with HTML5, JavaScript, and WebGL  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/hexgl-built-with-html5-javascript-and-webgl-704fa06a85b7  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Track last-seen on WhatsApp even if it is disabled/hidden  
https://wawhal.in/posts/whatsapp-track-last-seen/  
 ` wawhal.in`
  

## CSSBattle ‚Äì First ever CSS code-golfing game  
https://cssbattle.dev/  
kushagra gour ` cssbattle.dev`
  

## compress-brotli, cross Node.js brotli compression  
https://github.com/Kikobeats/compress-brotli  
 ` github.com`
  

## Simple Websocket Example with Nodejs  
https://www.js-tutorials.com/nodejs-tutorial/simple-websocket-example-with-nodejs/  
 ` www.js-tutorials.com`
  

## Coping up with technical debts - part 2/2  
https://theanubhav.com/2019/04/07/coping-with-technical-debts/  
 ` theanubhav.com`
  

## What‚Äôs new in Foundation 6  
https://www.developerdrive.com/2015/11/whats-new-in-foundation-6/  
 
  

## Revisiting the rendering tier  
https://www.theguardian.com/info/2019/apr/04/revisiting-the-rendering-tier  
: Introducing the new rendering layer for theguardian.com 
  

## Native image lazy-loading for the web!  
https://addyosmani.com/blog/lazy-loading/  
 
  

## Web Components will replace your frontend framework  
https://www.dannymoerkerke.com/blog/web-components-will-replace-your-frontend-framework  
 
  

## Evaluating Popular Web Browsers in Terms of Security and¬†Privacy  
https://medium.com/readwrite/evaluating-popular-web-browsers-in-terms-of-security-and-privacy-30b79091d86f  
 
  

## Accessibility for Vestibular Disorders: How My Temporary Disability Changed My Perspective  
https://alistapart.com/article/accessibility-for-vestibular  
 
  

## A progressive disclosure component  
https://andy-bell.design/wrote/a-progressive-disclosure-component/  
 
  

## HTML5 Landmarks Exposed  
https://www.scottohara.me/blog/2019/04/05/landmarks-exposed.html  
 
  

## The Muddy Waters of ADA Website Compliance May Become Less Murky in¬†2019  
https://www.huntonlaborblog.com/2019/01/articles/public-accommodations/muddy-waters-ada-website-compliance-may-become-less-murky-2019/  
 
  

## Creative View Mode Switch Animation  
https://coidea.website/categories/challenges/creative-view-mode-switch-animation/  
 
  

## Crossroads Slideshow  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/04/03/crossroads-slideshow/  
. An experimental slideshow with an inclined look, three slide previews and a content view on click. 
  

## Inspirational Websites Roundup #3  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/04/04/inspirational-websites-roundup-3/  
 
  

## Dogstudio  
https://dogstudio.co/  
‚Äî‚Ääwebpage with outstanding scroll¬†effect 
  

## What Does Dark Mode‚Äôs ‚Äúsupported-color-schemes‚Äù Actually Do? ü§î  
https://medium.com/dev-channel/what-does-dark-modes-supported-color-schemes-actually-do-69c2eacdfa1d  
 
  

## Ruby Sass Has Reached End-Of-Life  
http://sass.logdown.com/posts/7828841-ruby-sass-is-unsupported  
 
  

## Managing Z-Index In A Component-Based Web Application  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/04/z-index-component-based-web-application/  
 
  

## CSS Standardization‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäThe State of the Web  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQ7NqpFMbFs&feature=youtu.be  
, with Rick Viscomi and Jen Simmons (CSS Working Group, Mozilla) 
  

## The Hidden Power of CSS Text¬†Align  
https://ishadeed.com/article/the-hidden-power-text-align/?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## What‚Äôs the big deal with TypeScript?  
https://itnext.io/whats-the-big-deal-with-typescript-8f25fd85a374  
 
  

## Remy Sharp: How I failed the <a>   
https://remysharp.com/2019/04/04/how-i-failed-the-a  
 
  

## JavaScript Web Workers: A Beginner‚Äôs Guide  
https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-web-workers/  
 
  

## How to use Axios with JavaScript  
https://alligator.io/js/axios-vanilla-js/  
 
  

## From Javascript to Typescript to Elm  
https://itnext.io/from-javascript-to-typescript-to-elm-5c36fca70b4a  
 
  

## Why you should learn vanilla JavaScript in isolation if you want to be a better developer  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/why-you-should-learn-vanilla-javascript-in-isolation-if-you-want-to-be-a-better-developer-dbc15a7e66bb  
 
  

## How to keep your JavaScript code simple and easy to read  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-keep-your-javascript-code-simple-and-easy-to-read-bff702523e7c  
 
  

## All you need to know about Promise.all  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/promise-all-in-javascript-with-example-6c8c5aea3e32  
 
  

## Variable Length Currying in JavaScript  
https://medium.com/swlh/variable-length-currying-in-javascript-cdf559c74bf5  
 
  

## VueJS and Vue CLI 3 plugins to Boost Up the Performance of Your Application  
https://www.bacancytechnology.com/blog/plugins-to-boost-vuejs-and-vue-cli3-performance  
 
  

## VueJs Amsterdam 2019‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäAn Experience and Talks Summary (Part 1)  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/vuejs-amsterdam-2019-an-experience-and-talks-summary-part-1  
 
  

## Unit vs E2E Testing for Vue.js  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2019/04/01/vue-testing-unit-vs-e2e/  
 
  

## How to Build a Real-Time Editable Data Table in Vue.js  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/how-to-build-a-real-time-editable-data-table-in-vuejs  
 
  

## Introducing Vue Chimera, reactive restful api client  
https://medium.com/js-dojo/vue-chimera-reactive-restful-api-client-910d6b0eb945  
 
  

## PreVue: All –≤ One Prototyping Tool  
https://prevue.io/  
 
  

## Higher-order functions: what they are, and a React example  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/higher-order-functions-what-they-are-and-a-react-example-1d2579faf101  
 
  

## How to create a modern web app using WordPress and React  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/wordpress-react-how-to-create-a-modern-web-app-using-wordpress-ef6cc6be0cd0  
 
  

## How to create an accessible React modal  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/how-to-create-an-accessible-react-modal-5b87e6a27503?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## What to Expect in Angular 8  
https://medium.com/grapecity/what-to-expect-in-angular-8-940b217b63cb  
 
  

## Building extensible Dynamic Pluggable Enterprise Application with Angular  
https://medium.com/@a.yurich.zuev/building-extensible-dynamic-pluggable-enterprise-application-with-angular-aed8979faba5  
 
  

## An Angular Roadmap‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäThe Past, Present, and Future of Angular  
https://medium.com/grapecity/an-angular-roadmap-the-past-present-and-future-of-angular-7af4cd4ec6e7  
 
  

## How to Start Flying with Angular and NgRx  
https://blog.angularindepth.com/how-to-start-flying-with-angular-and-ngrx-b18e84d444aa  
 
  

## How to create themes for your Angular 7 apps using CSS Variables  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-create-themes-for-your-angular-7-apps-using-css-variables-69251690e9c5  
 
  

## Managing State Using RxJS Subjects in Angular Applications  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/managing-state-using-rxjs-subjects-in-angular-applications  
 
  

