## Building a Telegram Bot with Node.js  
https://blog.soshace.com/building-a-telegram-bot-with-node-js/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## You didn't check this Awesome Css Framework?  
https://getbuttercake.com/?ref=echojs  
 ` getbuttercake.com`
  

## Web Components: a Frameworkless solution  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/46/web-components-a-frameworkless-solution  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## Financial software: what are the best tools for management, planning, accounting, analysis and reporting  
http://ddi-dev.com/blog/it-news/financial-software-what-are-the-best-tools-for-management-planning-accounting-analysis-and-reporting/  
 ` ddi-dev.com`
  

## Mobile testing with Ranorex (Android and IOS)  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/mobile-testing-with-ranorex/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## Microfrontends with React  
https://dev.to/florianrappl/microfrontends-based-on-react-4oo9  
 ` dev.to`
  

## CSS Fundamentals: Selectors  
https://medium.com/swlh/css-fundamentals-selectors-ce8e5c0d498b  
 ` medium.com`
  

## AI in browsers: Comparing TensorFlow, ONNX, and WebDNN for image classification  
https://blog.logrocket.com/ai-in-browsers-comparing-tensorflow-onnx-and-webdnn-for-image-classification/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Managing content with Sanity  
https://react.christmas/2019/6  
 ` react.christmas`
  

## Understanding Elasticsearch query body builder in Node.js  
https://blog.logrocket.com/elasticsearch-query-body-builder-node-js/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## CSS: An Art, a Science, a Nightmare (Everything You Should Know)  
https://www.taniarascia.com/overview-of-css-concepts/  
Jamie Nicholls ` www.taniarascia.com`
  

## A beautiful CSS framework - (Cirrus CSS)  
https://github.com/Spiderpig86/Cirrus  
 ` github.com`
  

## Easiest Method to Get Norton Setup Back  
http://nortonsetup.doattend.com/  
 ` nortonsetup.doattend.com`
  

## ESLint v6.7.0 released  
https://eslint.org/blog/2019/11/eslint-v6.7.0-released  
Vinay Dabral ` eslint.org`
  

## Dynamic DLL webpack plugin that lets you code split between bundles  
https://link.medium.com/gHwbFDSGd2  
 ` link.medium.com`
  

## Javascript Factory Pattern  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuirGzhGhyw&list=PLREW9ZuU80uTfmxo61-acnUYk3P_4plIF&index=2  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## React Native Memory profiling (JSC vs V8 vs Hermes)  
https://medium.com/walmartlabs/react-native-memory-profiling-jsc-vs-v8-vs-hermes-1626949a653b  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Instant local browser based loading [JS libraries]  
https://bacloud14.github.io/Interactive_Arrays/  
 ` bacloud14.github.io`
  

## Javascript Design Patterns #8 - Visitor Pattern  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Gx0Ym1Di0  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## How to Use New CSS “:is()” for Easy Element Targeting  
https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/articles/new-css-is-for-easy-element-targeting--cms-34223  
Viktor Berezin ` webdesign.tutsplus.com`
  

## How Game Dev and Physics Constants Made Me Think About Religion  
https://qvault.io/2019/12/08/how-game-dev-and-physics-constants-made-me-think-about-religion/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=how-game-dev-and-physics-constants-made-me-think-about-religion  
 ` qvault.io`
  

## Build Your First AdBlocker - Chrome Extension  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0Fw9yskETs  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## A better development experience with Redux  
https://reapex.lili.li/  
 ` reapex.lili.li`
  

## Making a Better Custom Select Element  
https://24ways.org/2019/making-a-better-custom-select-element/?ref=resoource.com  
 
  

## The Rising Complexity of JAMstack Sites and How to Manage Them  
https://css-tricks.com/the-rising-complexity-of-jamstack-sites-and-how-to-manage-them/  
 
  

## World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) brings a new language to the Web as WebAssembly becomes a W3C Recommendation  
https://www.w3.org/2019/12/pressrelease-wasm-rec.html.en  
 
  

## Pros, Cons, Tips and Tricks when using Prettier in a large codebase   
https://blog.scottlogic.com/2019/12/05/prettier-tips-and-tricks-for-large-codebases.html  
 
  

## Performance Tips for Background Video  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/performance-tips-for-background-video/  
 
  

## The ugly truth about optimising beautiful images  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/the-ugly-truth-about-optimising-beautiful-images/  
 
  

## JavaScript component-level CPU costs  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/javascript-component-level-cpu-costs/  
 
  

## The subtle art of predictive prefetching  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/the-subtle-art-of-predictive-prefetching/  
 
  

## 8 Weird Tips Accessibility Specialists Don’t Want You to Know!  
https://www.24a11y.com/2019/7-weird-tips-accessibility-specialists-dont-want-you-to-know/  
 
  

## Future Accessibility Guidelines — for People Who Can’t Wait to Read Them  
https://24ways.org/2019/future-accessibility-guidelines/  
 
  

## Web Components and the Accessibility Object model (AOM)  
https://www.24a11y.com/2019/web-components-and-the-aom/  
 
  

## Cost per hour for Accessibility Testing  
https://medium.com/@sheribyrnehaber/cost-per-hour-for-accessibility-testing-868ddf74322c  
 
  

## Smashing Podcast Episode 4 With Heydon Pickering: What Are Inclusive Components?  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/12/smashing-podcast-episode-4/  
 
  

## Addy Osmani: Accessibility Tips for Web Developers  
https://dev.to/addyosmani/accessibility-tips-for-web-developers-4cn0?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## Motion Paths — Past, Present and Future  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/12/03/motion-paths-past-present-and-future/  
 
  

## Awesome Demos Roundup #11  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/12/04/awesome-demos-roundup-11/  
 
  

## Techniques for Rendering Text with WebGL  
https://css-tricks.com/techniques-for-rendering-text-with-webgl/  
 
  

## Beautiful Scrolling Experiences — Without Libraries  
https://24ways.org/2019/beautiful-scrolling-experiences-without-libraries/  
 
  

## An Introduction to Variable Fonts  
https://24ways.org/2019/an-introduction-to-variable-fonts/  
 
  

## Make a smooth shadow, friend  
https://brumm.af/shadows  
 
  

## A tale of CSS Resets and Everything You Need to Know About Them  
https://medium.com/@riittagirl/a-tale-of-css-resets-and-everything-you-need-to-know-about-them-781849d9b7f2  
 
  

## Calculating Color: Dynamic Color Theming with Pure CSS  
https://una.im/css-color-theming/?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## Learn to Build a Masonry Gallery Layout Using Pure CSS  
https://medium.com/better-programming/learn-to-build-a-masonry-gallery-layout-using-pure-css-50331dbc1e15  
 
  

## What’s New for Node.js in 2020  
https://developer.okta.com/blog/2019/12/04/whats-new-nodejs-2020  
 
  

## A simple guide to load C/C++ code into Node.js JavaScript Applications  
https://itnext.io/a-simple-guide-to-load-c-c-code-into-node-js-javascript-applications-3fcccf54fd32  
 
  

## 5 Anti-Patterns to Avoid When Working With Collections in JavaScript  
https://medium.com/better-programming/5-anti-patterns-to-avoid-when-working-with-collections-in-javascript-4e3bbd0a75d3  
 
  

## The people behind JavaScript: Allen Wirfs-Brock  
https://javascript.christmas/2019/6  
 
  

## 63 Best Nodejs Interview Questions and Answers  
https://dev.to/anilsingh/63-best-nodejs-interview-questions-and-answers-29o7  
 
  

## How Does Svelte Actually Work? part 1  
https://dev.to/zev/how-does-svelte-actually-work-part-1-j9m  
 
  

## Ember Octane Preview Highlights  
https://dev.to/mesadhan/ember-octane-preview-highlights-n6l  
 
  

## You Don’t Need Loops in JavaScript  
https://medium.com/better-programming/you-dont-need-loops-in-javascript-1dc8139eab4b  
 
  

## Callbacks vs. Promises in JavaScript  
https://medium.com/better-programming/callbacks-vs-promises-in-javascript-1f074e93a3b5  
 
  

## Release create-react-app v3.3.0   
https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/releases/tag/v3.3.0  
 
  

## Introducing React View, an Interactive Playground for Your Components  
https://baseweb.design/blog/introducing-react-view/?code=import%20*%20as%20React%20from%20%22react%22%3B%0Aimport%20%7B%20Button%2C%20SIZE%20%7D%20from%20%22baseui%2Fbutton%22%3B%0A%0Aexport%20default%20()%20%3D%3E%20%7B%0A%20%20return%20(%0A%20%20%20%20%3CButton%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20size%3D%7BSIZE.compact%7D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20onClick%3D%7B()%20%3D%3E%20alert(%22click%22)%7D%0A%20%20%20%20%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20Hello%D0%B2%0A%20%20%20%20%3C%2FButton%3E%0A%20%20)%3B%0A%7D  
 
  

## Build a GraphQL + React App with TypeScript  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/build-a-graphql-react-app-with-typescript-9661f908b26  
 
  

## Сравнение React Native и Flutter с точки зрения их применения в реальных проектах  
https://habr.com/ru/company/ruvds/blog/478322/  
 
  

## How to write correctly typed React components with TypeScript  
https://blog.logrocket.com/correctly-typed-react-components-with-typescript/  
 
  

## How to Include React in a WordPress Theme  
https://dev.to/zgordon/how-to-include-react-in-a-wordpress-theme-k88  
 
  

## A trick up Vuex’s sleeve: Promises and WeakMaps  
https://medium.com/js-dojo/a-trick-up-vuexs-sleeve-promises-and-weakmaps-a7629042399b  
 
  

## Filtering Lists Dynamically With Vue on the Server Side is Easier Than You’d Think  
https://css-tricks.com/filtering-lists-dynamically-with-vue-on-the-server-side-is-easier-than-youd-think/  
 
  

## How to use an OAuth based API in Vue.js?  
https://dev.to/bearer/how-to-use-an-oauth-based-api-in-vue-js-1elo  
 
  

## Building an Infinite Scroll Component using VueJS and GraphQL  
https://dev.to/sebastian_scholl/building-an-infinite-scroll-component-using-vuejs-and-graphql-aih  
 
  

## Build an advanced search and filter with Vuex (in Nuxt)  
https://dev.to/messerli90/build-an-advanced-search-and-filter-with-vuex-in-nuxt-3jn8  
 
  

## How to build an Angular 8 application with API request in 10 minutes?  
https://dev.to/duomly/how-to-build-an-angular-8-application-with-api-request-in-10-minutes-34m8  
 
  

## The Future of Angular with Ivy  
https://dev.to/mquanit/the-future-of-angular-with-ivy-17d  
 
  

## 20 tips for Angular performance  
https://dev.to/rahul626/20-tips-for-angular-performance-2j1d  
 
  

## What’s New In DevTools (Chrome 80)  
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/12/devtools  
 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #135 (2— 8 December 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-135-2-8-december-2019-fb39282257d7  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

