## password-leak: a library (and cli) to check passwords against the HaveIBeenPwned API  
https://github.com/mathiscode/password-leak  
 ` github.com`
  

## Form-create v2 is released! Customize the form builder to easily get the form  
https://github.com/xaboy/form-create  
 ` github.com`
  

## A Guide to building better Vue components with these 10 tips  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/10-things-you-should-know-before-writing-your-next-vuejs-component-4f97964611f4?source=friends_link&sk=0822e7b81aae37bbb3c83802786d538a  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Show HN: Converting audio files to text using Google chrome  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/audio2text  
 ` github.com`
  

## 11 Best Uber Alternatives For Ridesharing 2019[Infographic]  
https://infogram.com/11-best-uber-alternatives-for-ridesharing-2019infographic-1h0n25jz8p9l6pe?live  
 ` infogram.com`
  

## PHP or Node.js: Which is Better?  
https://www.zumvu.com/paresh-sagar/post/154738/  
 ` www.zumvu.com`
  

## The Other Side of React Native — Limitations & Opportunities of React Native  
https://medium.com/@ronak8036/limitations-of-react-native-704094f6e299  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Angular vs Ember – Comparing Two Prominent JavaScript Frameworks  
http://bit.ly/2NopJ74  
 ` bit.ly`
  

## Status of JavaScript(ECMAScript): 2019 & beyond  
https://medium.com/@alberto.park/status-of-javascript-ecmascript-2019-beyond-5efca6a2d233  
 ` medium.com`
  

## ReactJS vs AngularJS Comparison | Which to Choose?  
https://kodytechnolab.com/reactjs-vs-angularjs-comparison  
 ` kodytechnolab.com`
  

## Transaction navigation component for React Native  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/react-native-navigation-animation  
 ` github.com`
  

## 11 Best Apps Like Uber In 2019: Unique Uber Alternatives  
https://gnusocial.no/notice/5343615  
 ` gnusocial.no`
  

## Golang Tutorial for Node.js Developers, Part I.: Getting started  
https://blog.risingstack.com/golang-tutorial-for-nodejs-developers-getting-started/  
 ` blog.risingstack.com`
  

## ReactJS vs Vue.JS -Incisive Analysis on Two Popular Web Frameworks in 2019  
https://aglowiditsolutions.com/blog/reactjs-vs-vuejs/  
 ` aglowiditsolutions.com`
  

## Weavy & Microsoft for startups invites to Hackathon in Irvine, CA July 26-27, 2019  
https://www.weavy.com/hackathon  
 ` www.weavy.com`
  

## Anomalies in JavaScript arrow functions  
https://blog.logrocket.com/anomalies-in-javascript-arrow-functions/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Jscrambler 101 — Self-Healing  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/jscrambler-101-self-healing/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Flicking 3.3.0 Released! - Reliable, flexible and extendable carousel used by 30M people everyday.  
https://github.com/naver/egjs-flicking  
 ` github.com`
  

## Best Open-Source Javascript Date Picker Plugins and Libraries  
https://www.ma-no.org/en/best-open-source-javascript-date-picker-plugins-and-libraries  
 ` www.ma-no.org`
  

## Build and Run JS Unikernels  
https://github.com/nanovms/ops  
 ` github.com`
  

## Migrating Existing REST APIs to GraphQL  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/migrating-existing-rest-apis-to-graphql-2c5de3db647d  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Want to identify incognito?  
https://github.com/yankouskia/is-incognito-mode/blob/master/README.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## GraphQL vs. REST: What you didn’t know  
https://blog.logrocket.com/graphql-vs-rest-what-you-didnt-know/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

