## Node.js TypeScript #5. Writable streams, pipes, and the process streams  
https://wanago.io/2019/03/11/node-js-typescript-5-writable-streams-pipes-and-the-process-streams/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## JavaScript setTimeout Tutorial  
https://superjavascript.com/t/javascript-settimeout/  
 ` superjavascript.com`
  

## The Joy of Using Async/Await  
https://medium.com/openmindonline/js-monday-04-the-joy-of-using-async-await-f029ffad696a  
Miiitch ` medium.com`
  

## 4 Ways to Go Monorepo in 2019  
https://hackernoon.com/4-ways-to-go-monorepo-in-2019-ea5d19fc1f08  
 ` hackernoon.com`
  

## 10 Things I Learned About Web Development  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/10-things-i-learned-about-web-development-1cec213db4ed?source=post_stats_page---------------------------  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Javascript and ECMAScript: The relationship between  
http://www.echojs.com/news/30874  
 
  

## A Complete React Redux Tutorial for 2019  
https://daveceddia.com/redux-tutorial/  
 ` daveceddia.com`
  

## A Complete Guide to useEffect  
https://overreacted.io/a-complete-guide-to-useeffect/  
 ` overreacted.io`
  

## K2HR3 is extended RBAC(+SERVICE) system copperating with OpenStack  
https://k2hr3.antpick.ax/  
 ` k2hr3.antpick.ax`
  

## Optimal file structure for React applications  
https://medium.com/p/optimal-file-structure-for-react-applications-b9af44a6ac43  
Trey Huffine ` medium.com`
  

## JavaScript String Replace Example  
https://www.js-tutorials.com/javascript-tutorial/javascript-string-replace-example/  
 ` www.js-tutorials.com`
  

## 5 Questions for Building a Monorepo  
https://codeburst.io/5-questions-for-building-a-monorepo-ab6a2010ba0a  
 ` codeburst.io`
  

## Learn vocabulary faster using flashcards  
https://github.com/malik-aliyev-94/memo_cards  
 ` github.com`
  

## React native screenshot testing library  
https://github.com/rumax/react-native-PixelsCatcher  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to setup FCM Push Notification with React Native App  
http://sandny.com/2019/03/11/fcm-push-notification-react-native/  
 ` sandny.com`
  

## React & Jest â€” handle non-Javascript files  
https://medium.com/@zsgomori/react-jest-handle-non-javascript-files-7ca2fd3c339e  
 ` medium.com`
  

## How to secure a REST API using JWT  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-secure-a-rest-api-using-jwt-7efd83e71432  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Simple Website Preloader using jQuery  
https://w3lessons.info/jquery-preloader/  
 ` w3lessons.info`
  

## Async objects instead of async calls in Node.js  
https://guseyn.com/posts/async-objects-instead-of-async-calls?v=1.0.58  
 ` guseyn.com`
  

## TypeScript introduction part III - generics & stuff  
https://areknawo.com/typescript-introduction-pt3/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

