## CSS Puns Version 2  
https://saijogeorge.com/css-puns/  
Saijo George ` saijogeorge.com`
  

## Tile map editor in 70 lines of pure JavaScript - easy tutorial  
http://slicker.me/javascript/tile_map_editor.htm  
 ` slicker.me`
  

## BIO-D® PRODUCTS  
http://www.echojs.com/news/29980  
 
  

## Slides – Super Secret Powers of Mobile Browsers  
https://stephaniewalter.design/blog/super-secret-powers-of-mobile-browsers-talk-slides/  
Stephanie Walter ` stephaniewalter.design`
  

## CSS doesn’t suck  
https://andy-bell.design/wrote/css-doesnt-suck/  
Anton Fuchs ` andy-bell.design`
  

## Food Delivery App Development Solution  
https://dribbble.com/shots/5823969-Food-Delivery-App-Development-Solution  
 ` dribbble.com`
  

## WebAuthn Awesome - A curated list of awesome WebAuthn/FIDO2 resources  
https://github.com/herrjemand/WebauthnAwesome  
 ` github.com`
  

## Managing State in GraphQL Using Apollo Link State  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/managing-state-in-graphql-using-apollo-link-state  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Setting A React Project From Scratch Using Babel And Webpack  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/setting-a-react-project-from-scratch-using-babel-and-webpack-5f26a525535d  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Goto in JS  
https://www.codespeedy.com/how-to-use-goto-statement-in-javascript/  
 ` www.codespeedy.com`
  

## Data and Page Content Refresh patterns in Angular  
https://blog.eyas.sh/2018/12/data-and-page-content-refresh-patterns-in-angular/  
 ` blog.eyas.sh`
  

## Augmented Reality on Web (Web AR) for Kids to learn Alphabets with fun.  
https://github.com/prashant-andani/AR-Alphabets  
 ` github.com`
  

## VIPER architecture implementation for iOS projects  
https://github.com/rafaelrsilva/viper-base-ios  
 ` github.com`
  

## Vue-Magic-Grid: A Vue.js port of Magic-Grid for dynamic grid layouts  
https://github.com/imlinus/Vue-Magic-Grid  
 ` github.com`
  

## Reverse engineering Observable  
https://blog.logrocket.com/reverse-engineering-observable-4069f3853139  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Server Side Rendering with Angular Universal  
https://alligator.io/angular/angular-universal/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## Extend higher Order Array functions with async/await  
http://www.echojs.com/news/29992  
 
  

## Roadmap to become an awesome open source contributor in 2019  
https://www.99xtechnology.com/blog/techinsight/roadmap-to-become-an-awesome-open-source-contributor-in-2019/  
 ` www.99xtechnology.com`
  

## Lexing in JS style - creating lexer in JS/TS  
https://areknawo.com/lexing-in-js-style  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## Fancybox without jQuery - Fullscreen Lightbox  
https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/af6n5v/vanilla_javascript_lightbox_fullscreen_lightbox/  
 ` www.reddit.com`
  

## getClass.react - Better React Classes (1KB utility)  
https://github.com/ChrisCavs/getClass.react  
 ` github.com`
  

## Release 1.3.0 - MySigMail – UI email signature generator  
https://github.com/antonreshetov/mysigmail/releases/tag/v1.3.0  
 ` github.com`
  

## Why we need CSS subgrid  
https://dev.to/kenbellows/why-we-need-css-subgrid-53mh  
Justin Kidd ` dev.to`
  

## Piecing Together Approaches for a CSS Masonry Layout  
https://css-tricks.com/piecing-together-approaches-for-a-css-masonry-layout/  
Jamie Nicholls ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Chrome DevTools: The five most popular DevTools tips from 2018  
https://umaar.com/dev-tips/190-five-popular-2018-tips/  
Marcin Borowski ` umaar.com`
  

## Organizing code that doesn't belong to Page Objects  
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/organizing-code-doesnt-belong-page-objects-vladim%C3%ADr-gorej/  
 ` www.linkedin.com`
  

## 2018 JavaScript Rising Stars  
https://risingstars.js.org/2018/en/  
Alfredo Higuero ` risingstars.js.org`
  

## JS Object to XLS, PDF and CSV  
https://github.com/gharibi/JsObjExporter  
 ` github.com`
  

