## Best practices for building a large scale react application  
https://buttercms.com/blog/react-best-practices-maintaining-large-scale-projects  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

## What, Why, and How of Backend Vs Frontend?  
https://techstacks.io/posts/7235/backend-vs-frontend-guide-to-development-for-developers  
 ` techstacks.io`
  

## Backend Vs Frontend: Guide To Development For Developers  
https://growthhackers.com/articles/backend-vs-frontend-guide-to-development-for-developers  
 ` growthhackers.com`
  

## How to handle peer dependencies when developing modules  
https://dev.to/yvonnickfrin/how-to-handle-peer-dependencies-when-developing-modules-18fa  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Better branching with Lodash cond (pattern matching)  
https://codingwithjs.rocks/blog/better-branching-with-lodash-cond  
 ` codingwithjs.rocks`
  

## What's The Difference Between Frontend and Backend Web Development  
https://www.producthunt.com/posts/backend-vs-frontend/  
 ` www.producthunt.com`
  

## ECMAScript Classes - Keeping Things Private  
https://devinduct.com/blogpost/23/ecmascript-classes-keeping-things-private  
 ` devinduct.com`
  

## Creating a Simple Tags Component in Vue  
https://pineco.de/creating-a-simple-tags-component-in-vue/  
Gergo D. Nagy ` pineco.de`
  

## Multi-Line Truncation with Pure CSS  
https://css-tricks.com/multi-line-truncation-with-pure-css/  
Ryan van Rooi ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Top 11 Nodejs Web Development Frameworks Trends for 2019  
https://t2m.io/RVLp5OFM  
 ` t2m.io`
  

## What, Why, and How of Backend Vs Frontend?  
https://dailygram.com/index.php/profile-270504/?link-id=39409  
 ` dailygram.com`
  

## MongoDB Vs. Firebase: Battle Of The Best Databases 2019  
https://www.flickr.com/photos/156624447@N08/48049239112/  
 ` www.flickr.com`
  

## Frontend vs. Backend Developers: What's the Difference?  
https://hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com/post/186370988253/backend-vs-frontend-latest-skills-resources  
 ` hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com`
  

## What's the Difference Between Back End and Front End  
https://morioh.com/p/90744979d2ac/frontend-vs-backend-most-nocturnalpers-what-s-the-difference  
 ` morioh.com`
  

## ðŸ”¨ Build activity monitor using Quark âš¡  
https://quarkjs.io/examples/activity-monitor.html  
 ` quarkjs.io`
  

## A complete guide to the Node.js event loop  
https://blog.logrocket.com/a-complete-guide-to-the-node-js-event-loop/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## What's the difference between Frontend Vs Backend?  
https://hyp.is/Epj_wKlQEemhF6NqZIfDHg/www.excellentwebworld.com/backend-vs-frontend/  
 ` hyp.is`
  

## Difference Between Frontend and Backend Web Development  
https://topgoldforum.com/topic/343010-backend-vs-frontend-web-development/  
 ` topgoldforum.com`
  

## Image Collage Widget  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/image-collage-widget  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Principles for Writing Awesome Angular Components  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/the-principles-for-writing-awesome-angular-components-10e45f9ae77e  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## What's The Difference Between Frontend and Backend Web Development  
http://www.eduhub.io/elliewindler/b/ellie-windler/t/backend-vs-frontend  
 ` www.eduhub.io`
  

## Serverless GraphQL with Azure by Jen Looper and Chros Noring  
https://jsconfbp.com/workshops/microsoft-serverless-graphql  
 ` jsconfbp.com`
  

## Live-Trading Crypocurrency Bot with NodeJS  
http://everestjs.com/  
 ` everestjs.com`
  

## Parse your JSON safely and easily  
https://github.com/hua1995116/easy-json-parse  
 ` github.com`
  

## draft-js v0.11.0 released after 1.5 years without new version  
https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/releases  
 ` github.com`
  

