## Building a Side-Project with React & Graphql (Codetalks.tv)  
https://blog.wakot.com/building-a-side-project-codetalks-tv-a66a559f5132  
 ` blog.wakot.com`
  

## Localization for React application on top of new React Context API/hooks  
http://github.com/yankouskia/localize-react  
 ` github.com`
  

## Do React Hooks Replace Higher Order Components (HOCs)?  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/do-react-hooks-replace-higher-order-components-hocs-7ae4a08b7b58  
 ` medium.com`
  

## React-Native Testing with Expo, Unit Testing with Jest  
https://blog.risingstack.com/react-native-expo-unit-testing-jest/  
 ` blog.risingstack.com`
  

## ReactJS: Lessons learned from the mistakes I made  
https://medium.com/@mjdeora/reactjs-lessons-learned-from-the-mistakes-i-made-bf6db575d1e2  
 ` medium.com`
  

## 10 Books Every Programmer Should Read  
https://medium.com/@indreklasn/10-books-every-programmer-should-read-6e5b7547e8b5  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Screencast: creating automated functional tests with Puppetry recorder  
https://vimeo.com/345458272  
 ` vimeo.com`
  

## Join data from Google Sheets API and Postgres using Hasura Remote Joins  
https://blog.hasura.io/join-data-from-google-sheets-api-and-postgres-using-hasura-remote-joins/  
 ` blog.hasura.io`
  

## Deploy Buddy on a DigitalOcean droplet in 1 click | Buddy: The DevOps Automation Platform  
http://bit.ly/buddy-digitalocean  
 ` bit.ly`
  

## Using Prettier with Airbnb’s ESLint config  
https://dooz.de/prettier-airbnb-eslint/  
Daniel Beutner ` dooz.de`
  

## Writing Documentation for Your JavaScript Project  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/writing-documentation-for-your-javascript-project/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## Handling and dispatching events with Node.js  
https://blog.logrocket.com/handling-and-dispatching-events-with-node-js/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## React Border Wrapper New Version 1.0.3  
https://github.com/Metroxe/react-border-wrapper?v=103  
 ` github.com`
  

## How Having No-Internet Lead Me to Building a Worldwide Viral Website.  
https://medium.com/@metroxe/one-html-page-challenge-d0e6e6d23e16  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Tutorial: Creating Treemap Chart Using JavaScript  
https://www.anychart.com/blog/2019/08/01/treemap-chart-create-javascript/  
 ` www.anychart.com`
  

## How To Use WebViews in a React Native App  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/how-to-use-webviews-in-a-react-native-app/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## How to use subjects to multicast observers in RxJS  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-use-subjects-to-multicast-observers-in-rxjs/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Vue.js 3: Future-Oriented Programming  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/vue-js-3-future-oriented-programming-54dee797988b  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## μCritic - Learning Music Taste With Deep Neural Nets  
https://michaeldarr.github.io/MuCritic_App/  
 ` michaeldarr.github.io`
  

## Frontend vs Backend  
https://zellwk.com/blog/frontend-vs-backend  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

