## Uix Kit switches to javascript's es6 typings  
https://busy.org/@xizon/uix-kit-switches-to-javascript-s-es6-typings  
 ` busy.org`
  

## Using Standard with VSCode  
https://zellwk.com/blog/standard-with-vscode  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## How to build and deploy your first Gatsby website  
https://uxworks.online/how-to-build-and-deploy-your-first-gatsby-website/  
 ` uxworks.online`
  

## What's new in angular 8?  
https://kodytechnolab.com/what-is-new-angular-8.0-features  
 ` kodytechnolab.com`
  

## js-library-boilerplate-basic - A Mininal Javascript Library Boilerplate  
https://github.com/hodgef/js-library-boilerplate-basic  
 ` github.com`
  

## Paytm Integration Using Golang.  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/Golang-Paytm  
 ` github.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 85  
https://webkit.org/blog/9281/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-85/  
Nicolas G√©roux ` webkit.org`
  

## How to do scroll-linked animations the right way  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-do-scroll-linked-animations/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Big Data Tools 2019 that Every Developer Should Know  
https://www.bibrainia.com/big-data-tools-2019  
 ` www.bibrainia.com`
  

## Firebase Vs. MongoDB: Who Has The Upper Hand In 2019?  
https://youtu.be/UZkCI83lpqw  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## List of (Advanced) JavaScript Questions  
https://github.com/lydiahallie/javascript-questions  
Alfredo Higuero ` github.com`
  

## Styling In Modern Web Apps  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/06/styling-modern-web-apps/  
Ryan van Rooi ` www.smashingmagazine.com`
  

## How to Protect React Native Apps with Jscrambler  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/how-to-protect-react-native-apps-with-jscrambler/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Any Competive Coders out there? Current and Ex? Get back into the game.  
https://github.com/mailtokartik1/InterviewBit-Solutions  
 ` github.com`
  

## iOS Biometric Local Authentication of Face Id and Touch ID using Swift  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/BiometricsAuthentication  
 ` github.com`
  

## Super performant global state with React context and hooks  
https://blog.axlight.com/posts/super-performant-global-state-with-react-context-and-hooks/  
 ` blog.axlight.com`
  

## How I Setup My VIM as Modern Text Editor  
https://medium.com/@zafarsaleem/how-i-setup-my-vim-as-modern-text-editor-41a93ca4c7a8  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Open Source Dashboard (for js developers)  
https://niradler.com/open-source-dashboard-npm/  
 ` niradler.com`
  

## Relearn CSS layout  
https://every-layout.dev/  
Eric Stafford ` every-layout.dev`
  

## Making Tables Responsive With Minimal CSS  
https://bradleytaunt.com/2019/06/11/responsive-tables/  
Justin Kidd ` bradleytaunt.com`
  

## A silly contraption using a physics engine  
http://slicker.me/javascript/physics_experiment.htm  
 ` slicker.me`
  

## Fuzzyjs - fuzzy matching algorithm in typescript  
https://github.com/gjuchault/fuzzyjs  
 ` github.com`
  

## The State of CSS 2019  
https://2019.stateofcss.com/  
Marcin Borowski ` 2019.stateofcss.com`
  

## Top 10 algorithms for programmers ‚Äì Medium  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/top-10-algorithms-for-programmers-e2659a09a9ac?postPublishedType=initial  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Globster.xyz - test your glob patterns  
https://globster.xyz/  
 ` globster.xyz`
  

## Introducing ‚ÄúIons‚Äù, an extension to the Atomic Design  
https://www.cjcid.com/articles/ions-introduction/  
Chris Cid ` www.cjcid.com`
  

## Using OneSignal in a Vue CLI 3 Application  
https://medium.com/daily-now/using-onesignal-in-a-vue-cli-3-application-d06c9fb40583  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Demystifying React Hooks  
https://medium.com/@wesharehoodies/demystifying-react-hooks-a0b56a6254c2?source=friends_link&sk=d28dc24185c3c14de7b0c9423d920382  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Iterators and iterables  
https://github.com/n0ruSh/the-art-of-reading/issues/18  
 ` github.com`
  

## Redux-less context-based useSelector hook that has same performance as React-Redux  
https://blog.axlight.com/posts/benchmark-react-tracked/  
 ` blog.axlight.com`
  

## Make a typing animation that is typed one character at a time like a typewriter.(@scenejs/effects 0.2.0 Release)  
https://github.com/daybrush/scenejs-effects  
 ` github.com`
  

## Introducing the new HTML element‚Ää‚Äî‚Ääwelcome <clippy>!  
https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2019/06/introducing-the-new-html-element-welcome/  
 
  

## Interactive Animation in HTML Email  
https://emails.hteumeuleu.com/interactive-animation-in-html-email-fde6392d76ea  
 
  

## When should you be using Web Workers?  
https://staging.dassur.ma/things/when-workers/  
 
  

## 7 absolute truths I unlearned as junior developer  
https://monicalent.com/blog/2019/06/03/absolute-truths-unlearned-as-junior-developer/  
 
  

## The Anatomy of Accessible Forms: Required Form¬†Fields  
https://www.deque.com/blog/anatomy-of-accessible-forms-required-form-fields/  
 
  

## Fullscreen API: How to go fullscreen on iPad Safari  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/going-fullscreen-on-ipad-safari/  
 
  

## The Layout Instability API  
https://web.dev/layout-instability-api/  
. Detect unexpected layout shifts in JavaScript. 
  

## The State of CSS 2019  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-state-of-css-2019-survey-results-are-live/  
 
  

## A new terminal-style line breaking with CSS Text  
https://blogs.igalia.com/jfernandez/2019/06/10/a-new-terminal-style-line-breaking-with-css-text/  
 
  

## The perils of functional CSS  
https://www.browserlondon.com/blog/2019/06/10/functional-css-perils/  
 
  

## Why Most Developers Fear CSS  
https://dev.to/steffenpedersen/why-most-developers-fear-css-3h99  
 
  

## Drawing Realistic Clouds with SVG and CSS  
https://css-tricks.com/drawing-realistic-clouds-with-svg-and-css/  
 
  

## DOM Element Dimensions and CSS Transforms  
https://www.impressivewebs.com/dom-element-dimensions-and-css-transforms/  
 
  

## JSConf Hawaii 2019  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL37ZVnwpeshFfpar-NpSYzNQ9Yz-WO-qh  
, 9 videos 
  

## JSConf EU 2019  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL37ZVnwpeshHwJPVBqEnZild7QHWhdufu  
, 17 videos 
  

## Protocol for communication between iframe and the main window  
https://habr.com/en/company/waves/blog/456016/  
 
  

## Web Audio for Electric Guitar: How to Connect Instrument  
https://bobrov.dev/blog/web-audio-for-electric-guitar-how-to-connect-instrument/  
 
  

## The reduce ({‚Ä¶spread}) anti-pattern  
https://www.richsnapp.com/blog/2019/06-09-reduce-spread-anti-pattern  
 
  

## A Deep Dive into Redux  
https://www.sitepoint.com/redux-deep-dive/  
 
  

## Announcing styled-components v5: Beast Mode üí™üî•  
https://medium.com/styled-components/announcing-styled-components-v5-beast-mode-389747abd987  
 
  

## Using Cypress to Write Tests for a React Application  
https://css-tricks.com/using-cypress-to-write-tests-for-a-react-application/  
 
  

## How To Use jQuery With Angular (When You Absolutely Have To)  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/how-to-use-jquery-with-angular-when-you-absolutely-have-to-42c8b6a37ff9  
 
  

## Learn Angular & RxJS: Countdown Timer  
https://medium.com/better-programming/lets-build-rxjs-countdown-in-angular-5768c8b158b8  
 
  

## All you need to know about Ivy, The new Angular engine!  
https://blog.angularindepth.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-ivy-the-new-angular-engine-9cde471f42cf  
 
  

## Multiple Angular Apps on a single page  
https://medium.com/swlh/multiple-angular-apps-on-a-single-page-9f49bc863177  
 
  

## An in-depth look at Angular‚Äôs ng template  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/angular-ngtemplate-in-depth/  
 
  

## A Guide to Angular 8‚Äôs Differential Loading  
https://auth0.com/blog/angular-8-differential-loading/  
 
  

## Ember in 2019: Tearing Down ‚ÄúUs and Them‚Äù  
https://www.salsify.com/blog/engineering/ember-in-2019-tearing-down-us-and-them  
 
  

## Improving Your DX on Ember, Part 1: Quick Wins  
https://dockyard.com/blog/2019/06/10/improving-your-dx-on-ember-part-i-quick-wins  
 
  

## #EmberJS2019: My wish list  
https://medium.com/@abhilashlr/emberjs2019-my-wish-list-c64a99547bff  
 
  

## The Ember.js testing guide, I made for myself  
https://medium.com/@sarbbottam/the-ember-js-testing-guide-i-made-for-myself-c9a073a0c718  
 
  

## Static Types in¬†EmberJs?  
https://dev.to/jamesbyrne/static-types-in-emberjs-26b7  
 
  

## Vue 3.0: What Evan You & Chris Fritz Say You Should Expect  
https://medium.com/vue-mastery/vue-3-0-what-evan-you-chris-fritz-say-you-should-expect-3965a466a12e  
 
  

## Pinker.js  
http://withouthaste.com/pinker/index.html  
A standalone JavaScript library for rendering code/class diagrams on your web page. 
  

## Macro Decorators  
https://pzuraq.github.io/macro-decorators/  
‚Äî‚ÄäDecorators for getter/setter macros! 
  

## Firefox: The Evolution Of A Brand   
https://blog.mozilla.org/press-uk/2019/06/11/firefox-the-evolution-of-a-brand/  
 
  

## Mozilla says paid subscription service is coming to Firefox  
https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/10/18660344/firefox-subscription-paid-service-vpn-cloud-storage-release-date  
 
  

## Chrome 76 Beta: dark mode, payments, new PWA features and more   
https://blog.chromium.org/2019/06/chrome-76-beta-dark-mode-payments-new.html  
 
  

## Address Bar Install for Progressive Web Apps on the Desktop  
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/06/pwa-install-addressbar  
 
  

## Reddit: Microsoft Edge developers AMA  
https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/c094uf/hi_reddit_were_the_team_behind_microsoft_edge_and/  
 
  

