## How To Prepare a Tech Talk  
https://www.matthewgerstman.com/tech/how-i-prepare-a-talk/  
 ` www.matthewgerstman.com`
  

## Announcing TypeScript 3.4  
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-3-4/  
Vinay Dabral ` devblogs.microsoft.com`
  

## WebStorm 2019.1 released: Destructuring for JavaScript and TypeScript and more  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31200  
 
  

## WebRTC wrapper for React and Vue (built-in signaling)  
https://npmjs.com/package/neat-rtc  
 ` npmjs.com`
  

## JavaScript parseInt Tutorial  
https://superjavascript.com/t/javascript-parseint/  
 ` superjavascript.com`
  

## Is it possible to start marketplace like Airbnb?  
https://medium.com/@fernandezangeline/is-it-possible-to-start-marketplace-like-airbnb-775ce328f369  
 ` medium.com`
  

## How to outsource web development wisely  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31210  
 
  

## Dan Abramov teaches me React Hooks  
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/404530952  
 ` www.twitch.tv`
  

## JSCasts ep2 - Setting up a nodej.js test environment using mocha and chai  
https://youtu.be/VRRuzfQNQKQ  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## ERC 1400 Security Token Offering Services  
https://securitytokenizer.blogspot.com/2019/04/erc-1400-security-token-offering.html  
 ` securitytokenizer.blogspot.com`
  

## How to Create an Accessible React Modal  
https://medium.com/p/how-to-create-an-accessible-react-modal-5b87e6a27503  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Making the business case for React in 2019  
https://blog.logrocket.com/making-the-business-case-for-react-in-2019-74463bbb22de  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## State Management Tools for large-scale Angular Applications  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/state-management-angular/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## Show some ðŸ–¤ to Node.js process errors  
https://github.com/ehmicky/log-process-errors  
 ` github.com`
  

## Request goes into maintenance mode  
https://github.com/request/request/issues/3142  
 ` github.com`
  

## 7 React Component Collections from Popular Libraries  
https://medium.com/@JonathanSaring/7-react-component-collections-from-popular-libraries-f925c9803176  
 ` medium.com`
  

## How to create React custom hooks for data fetching with useEffect  
https://medium.com/@dai_shi/how-to-create-react-custom-hooks-for-data-fetching-with-useeffect-74c5dc47000a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Getting Started with Base Web  
https://baseweb.design/blog/getting-started-with-base-web/  
 ` baseweb.design`
  

## Introduction to Device Fingerprinting  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/introduction-to-device-fingerprinting/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Boilerplate for MERN stack development  
https://github.com/tamasszoke/mern-boilerplate  
 ` github.com`
  

## Would you please try my Bootstrap 4 based dialogs?  
https://github.com/bgaze/bootstrap4-dialogs  
 ` github.com`
  

## JavaScript How to build a racing game â€“ Medium  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/javascript-how-to-build-a-racing-game-8496d7cca17c  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Yet Another JavaScript Framework  
https://css-tricks.com/yet-another-javascript-framework/  
Alfredo Higuero ` css-tricks.com`
  

## 8 runtimes that every developer should know (code examples in JavaScript)  
https://dev.to/amejiarosario/8-time-complexities-that-every-programmer-should-know-494m  
 ` dev.to`
  

## VSCode extension to manage your npm-package directly from your code  
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=orkhanjafarovr.vscode-here-and-now  
 ` marketplace.visualstudio.com`
  

## How to Build a CLI with Node.js  
https://www.twilio.com/blog/how-to-build-a-cli-with-node-js  
 ` www.twilio.com`
  

