## Executing arrays of async/await JavaScript functions in series vs. concurrently  
https://www.coreycleary.me/executing-arrays-of-async-await-javascript-functions-in-series-vs-concurrently/  
 ` www.coreycleary.me`
  

## My Intuition on when to use Custom React Hooks  
https://frontarm.com/james-k-nelson/react-hooks-intuition/  
James K Nelson ` frontarm.com`
  

## How Does Affiliate cashback business work?  
https://cashbackscript.net/blog/posts/how-does-cashback-work  
 ` cashbackscript.net`
  

## Code Sketch - A simple FE code playground  
https://github.com/keelii/code-sketch  
 ` github.com`
  

## Bitcoin (BTC) Price Index | Charts, History | Global Crypto News  
https://medium.com/bitcoin-price/bitcoin-price-live-global-crypto-news-12738b7f9d55  
 ` medium.com`
  

## femtoJS - Really small JavaScript (ES6) library for DOM manipulation  
https://vladocar.github.io/femtoJS/  
 ` vladocar.github.io`
  

## Launch your App with Blockchain Technology  
https://blockchaindevelopmentservices.blogspot.com/2019/03/launch-your-app-with-blockchain.html  
 ` blockchaindevelopmentservices.blogspot.com`
  

## Cache-Control for Civilians  
https://csswizardry.com/2019/03/cache-control-for-civilians/  
Anton Fuchs ` csswizardry.com`
  

## Developing a JavaScript video game: Part 3  
https://www.ma-no.org/en/content/index_developing-a-javascript-video-game-part-3_2443.php  
 ` www.ma-no.org`
  

## Express Validator Tutorial  
https://auth0.com/blog/express-validator-tutorial/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=express_validator  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## Component frameworks and web standards  
https://hiddedevries.nl/en/blog/2019-02-28-component-frameworks-and-web-standards  
Andreas Krüger ` hiddedevries.nl`
  

## Laravel Horizon 3.0 is here: Night Mode for the Laravel UI  
http://www.echojs.com/news/30822  
 
  

## HTTP long polling library  
https://github.com/rousan/comet  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Console Log: Episode 67  
http://theconsolelog.com/episode/67  
 ` theconsolelog.com`
  

## Introduction to Web Workers: Deep Dive  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/introduction-to-web-workers-674d372f1b85  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Reliable way of getting live element dimensions  
https://codepen.io/trem/full/VgEXgP  
 ` codepen.io`
  

## Securing Ionic 4 Cordova Apps  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/securing-ionic-4-cordova-apps/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Is JavaScript imperative for Cross-Platform Development?  
https://www.ma-no.org/en/content/index_is-javascript-imperative-for-cross-platform-development_2444.php  
 ` www.ma-no.org`
  

## Custom WordPress Theme Development with SPRO  
https://dev.to/starbist/custom-wordpress-theme-development-with-spro-bgd  
Star ` dev.to`
  

## CodeTalks.tv - The best JS talks around the world in one place  
https://codetalks.tv/javascript  
 ` codetalks.tv`
  

## Fudging Medium Stats with NodeJS  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/fudging-medium-stats-with-nodejs-8c3d176c1610  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Get beginning, end co-ordinates & radius of circle drawn in leaflet.js  
http://www.echojs.com/news/30831  
 
  

## React — unit testing HOC’s wrapped component  
https://medium.com/c-hive/test-hocs-wrapped-component-with-jest-and-enzyme-e9155f80a217  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Creating a Reusable Window Event Listener with useEffect and useCallback  
https://codedaily.io/tutorials/72/Creating-a-Reusable-Window-Event-Listener-with-useEffect-and-useCallback  
 ` codedaily.io`
  

