## Try GraphQL! Interactive GraphQL Tutorial  
https://trygql.com/  
 
  

## 10 npm Security Best Practices  
https://snyk.io/blog/ten-npm-security-best-practices/  
 
  

## ICONSVG  
https://iconsvg.xyz/  
— a tool to simplify the process of finding and generating common icons for your project 
  

## 7 JavaScript Playgrounds to Use in 2019  
https://scotch.io/tutorials/7-javascript-playgrounds-to-use-in-2019  
 
  

## What does European accessibility standard EN 301 549 mean for US organizations?  
https://www.deque.com/blog/european-accessibility-standard-en-301-549/  
 
  

## How A Screen Reader User Accesses The Web: A Smashing Video  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/02/accessibility-webinar/  
 
  

## SVG Filter Effects: Creating Texture with <feTurbulence >  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/02/19/svg-filter-effects-creating-texture-with-feturbulence/  
 
  

## Writing Animations That Bring Your Site to Life  
https://css-tricks.com/writing-animations-that-bring-your-site-to-life/  
 
  

## How to Create a Fake 3D Image Effect with WebGL  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/02/20/how-to-create-a-fake-3d-image-effect-with-webgl/  
 
  

## Blobs!  
https://css-tricks.com/blobs/  
 
  

## SVG SPA  
https://codepen.io/alnat2/full/BMqEPM  
 
  

## Why I Write CSS in JavaScript  
https://mxstbr.com/thoughts/css-in-js/  
 
  

## JS-in-CSS  
https://css-houdini.rocks/js-in-css/  
— Generic worklet to be authored right from CSS (CSS HOUDINI experimental showcase) 
  

## 21 ways to optimise your CSS and speed up your site  
https://www.creativebloq.com/how-to/21-ways-to-optimise-your-css-and-speed-up-your-site  
 
  

## CSS Variables + calc() + rgb() = Enforcing High Contrast Colors  
https://css-tricks.com/css-variables-calc-rgb-enforcing-high-contrast-colors/  
 
  

## The Complete Guide to ES10 Features  
https://medium.com/@js_tut/the-complete-guide-to-es10-features-f09a8c7be1bd  
 
  

## JavaScript Loading Priorities in Chrome  
https://addyosmani.com/blog/script-priorities/  
 
  

## Breaking Down JavaScript Solutions To Common Algorithmic Questions (Part 1)  
https://dev.to/emmawedekind/breaking-down-javascript-solutions-to-common-algorithmic-questions-part-1-1228  
 
  

## 12 Concepts That Will Level Up Your JavaScript Skills  
https://hackernoon.com/12-javascript-concepts-that-will-level-up-your-development-skills-b37d16ad7104  
 
  

## XMLHttpRequest vs the Fetch API: What’s Best for Ajax in 2019?  
https://www.sitepoint.com/xmlhttprequest-vs-the-fetch-api-whats-best-for-ajax-in-2019/  
 
  

## A guide to prototype-based class inheritance in JavaScript  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-guide-to-prototype-based-class-inheritance-in-javascript-84953db26df0  
 
  

## It’s time we talk about Object Oriented JavaScript  
https://itnext.io/its-time-we-talk-about-object-oriented-javascript-81b4b9b70981  
 
  

## How to Avoid DOM Blocking in JavaScript  
https://www.sitepoint.com/avoiding-dom-blocking/  
 
  

## 26 Time Saving Tips for Vue  
http://michaelnthiessen.com/26-time-saving-tips/  
 
  

## Building a modern app using Nest.js, MongoDB and Vue.js  
https://scotch.io/tutorials/building-a-modern-app-using-nestjs-mongodb-and-vuejs  
 
  

## Vue.js App Performance Optimization: part 3 — Lazy loading Vuex modules  
https://itnext.io/vue-js-app-performance-optimization-part-3-lazy-loading-vuex-modules-ed67cf555976  
 
  

## Collection of 2200 React Resources for everything from Next.js, Gatsby, CRA, JSX, Concurrent React, Hooks, Performance, DevTools, CSS-in-JS, Animation, UI Toolkits, Redux, Apollo GraphQL, and so on  
https://reactresources.com/  
 
  

## Announcing the Ionic React Beta  
https://blog.ionicframework.com/announcing-the-ionic-react-beta/  
 
  

## React Hooks, First Impressions  
https://codeburst.io/react-hooks-first-impressions-bc417b908e94  
 
  

## Using Pre-Commit and Pre-Push Git Hooks in a React Project  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/using-pre-commit-and-pre-push-git-hooks-in-a-react-project-6c83431ef2bd  
 
  

## How to get started with internationalization in JavaScript  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-get-started-with-internationalization-in-javascript-c09a0d2cd834  
 
  

## React: Communication Between Components  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/react-communication-between-components-c0cfccfa996a  
 
  

## Build Progressive Web Apps with React — Part 2  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/build-progressive-web-apps-with-react-part-2-be7eb1a7335d  
 
  

## Styling An Angular Application With Bootstrap  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/02/angular-application-bootstrap/  
 
  

## Reactive Scroll Position Restoration with RxJS  
https://blog.angularindepth.com/reactive-scroll-position-restoration-with-rxjs-792577f842c  
 
  

## Using Proxies and Hooks to integrate React and Redux  
https://frontarm.com/daishi-kato/redux-custom-hooks/  
James K Nelson ` frontarm.com`
  

## Visual Studio Code Settings and Extensions for Faster JavaScript Development  
http://tilomitra.com/vs-code-settings-and-extensions-for-faster-javascript-development/  
Vinay Dabral ` tilomitra.com`
  

## Why You Need MEAN Stack Developers For Your Dream Project?  
https://pin.it/dqrg5nqiu5itpz  
 ` pin.it`
  

## ElectronJS: Boilerplate for nice menubar app with popover  
https://github.com/rousan/electron-menubar  
 ` github.com`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #97 (18–24 Feb 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-97-18-24-feb-2019-dd34a25e3276  
frontender ` medium.com`
  

## Magic-Grid-React, a ReactJS port of Magic Grid  
https://github.com/IniZio/Magic-Grid-React  
 ` github.com`
  

## Node.js TypeScript #3. Explaining the Buffer  
https://wanago.io/2019/02/25/node-js-typescript-3-the-buffer/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Need upvotes on my ad on stackoverflow  
https://meta.stackoverflow.com/a/380375/9104819  
 ` meta.stackoverflow.com`
  

## The Journey of JavaScript: from Downloading Scripts to Execution - Part I  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/journey-of-javascript-downloading-scripts-to-execution-part-i  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## 1Kb javascript i18n library 5-1000 times faster than others  
https://github.com/koala-interactive/frenchkiss.js  
 ` github.com`
  

## How AR Clothing Apps Enriching The Real World Experience?  
https://fit4bond.net/blog/post/ar-clothing-apps-enriching-real-world-experience  
 ` fit4bond.net`
  

## Mobile App for Schools  
https://www.behance.net/gallery/74631233/Mobile-App-for-School-Management  
 ` www.behance.net`
  

## Level Up Your JavaScript Skills: 12 basic notions  
https://www.ma-no.org/en/content/index_level-up-your-javascript-skills-12-basic-notions_2433.php  
 ` www.ma-no.org`
  

## Ionic React: The first beta is here  
http://www.echojs.com/news/30655  
 
  

## Async-buttons for react made easy  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@loopmode/stateful  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## Vue.js: a quick start guide for beginners. Part 3  
https://www.ma-no.org/en/content/index_vue-js-a-quick-start-guide-for-beginners-part-3_2434.php  
 ` www.ma-no.org`
  

## React Production Deployment with Heroku  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/react-production-deployment-part-3-heroku-316319744885  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## React Robohash - Generate good looking robots  
https://github.com/fel1xw/react-robohash  
 ` github.com`
  

## Developing A GraphQL API With Node.js And MongoDB  
https://www.thepolyglotdeveloper.com/2019/02/developing-graphql-api-nodejs-mongodb/  
 ` www.thepolyglotdeveloper.com`
  

## Angular Routing - Best Practices for Enterprise Applications  
https://wesleygrimes.com/angular/2019/02/24/angular-routing-best-practices-for-enterprise-applications.html  
 ` wesleygrimes.com`
  

## Taming the front-end monolith  
https://blog.logrocket.com/taming-the-front-end-monolith-dbaede402c39  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## GRID: A simple visual cheatsheet for CSS Grid Layout  
http://grid.malven.co/  
Jamie Nicholls ` grid.malven.co`
  

