## Meet the KendoReact Team in Person: Amsterdam, Paris, Salt Lake City  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/meet-the-kendoreact-team-in-person-amsterdam-paris-salt-lake-city  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Cybersecurity Apps that will be Helpful in 2019  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/cybersecurity-apps-that-will-be-helpful-in-2019/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## How to Use Recompose to Streamline React Development  
https://anadea.info/blog/how-to-use-recompose-to-streamline-react-development  
 ` anadea.info`
  

## How JSON Web Token (JWT) Secures Your API  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2019/04/15/api-security-jwt-json-web-tokens?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=wij  
 ` vuejsdevelopers.com`
  

## Google Sheets and JavaScript with Node.js  
https://youtu.be/UGN6EUi4Yio  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## How to Use Machine Learning in Mobile App?  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/machine-learning-in-mobile-app/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## iOS vs Android App Development  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/ios-vs-android/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Cross-Platform Data Analytics - eco Project Case Study  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/cross-platform-data-analytics-case/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Best Woocommerce Mobile App Solutions  
https://www.massdrop.com/talk/22601/best-woocommerce-mobile-app-solutions  
 ` www.massdrop.com`
  

## Uber Clone Apps: What It Is And How It Works?  
https://mix.com/apurple  
 ` mix.com`
  

## Ascii Glitch Transitions with JS  
https://observablehq.com/@ibrahimtanyalcin/ascii-warp-github  
 ` observablehq.com`
  

## Optimizing Performance With Resource Hints  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/04/optimization-performance-resource-hints/  
Anton Fuchs ` www.smashingmagazine.com`
  

## The dialog element: The way to create tomorrow's modal windows  
https://blog.logrocket.com/the-dialog-element-the-way-to-create-tomorrows-modal-windows-f1d4ab14380b  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Making Animations In React Nativeâ€” The Simplified Guide  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/making-animations-in-react-native-the-simplified-guide-6580f961f6e8  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Show custom 404 error page for Netlify applications  
https://blog.kiprosh.com/show-custom-404-error-page-for-netlify-applications/  
 ` blog.kiprosh.com`
  

## Using JWT in Your React + Redux App for Authorization  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/using-jwt-in-your-react-redux-app-for-authorization-d31be51a50d2  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Bastillion - A web-based bastion host build with xterm.js  
https://www.bastillion.io/  
 ` www.bastillion.io`
  

## Lessons Learned Using Craft CMS to Build Our Website  
https://onesignal.com/blog/craft-cms/  
Lee Munroe ` onesignal.com`
  

## What's what? - Package.json cheatsheet!  
https://areknawo.com/whats-what-package-json-cheatsheet/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## React Hooks cheat sheet: Unlock solutions to common problems  
https://blog.logrocket.com/react-hooks-cheat-sheet-unlock-solutions-to-common-problems-af4caf699e70  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

