## Modern Web Game Development (Google I/O)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVTYxHL45SA  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Schema.org DataType in TypeScript: Structural Typing Doesn’t Cut It  
https://blog.eyas.sh/2019/07/schema-org-datatype-in-typescript-structural-typing-doesnt-cut-it/  
 ` blog.eyas.sh`
  

## What are higher-order functions, and why should anyone care?  
https://jrsinclair.com/articles/2019/what-is-a-higher-order-function-and-why-should-anyone-care/  
 ` jrsinclair.com`
  

## Top 10 jQuery functions to Plain Old JavaScript  
https://devkisslist.com/2019/06/29/top-10-jquery-functions-to-plain-old-javascript/  
 ` devkisslist.com`
  

## Top 11 Nodejs Web Development Frameworks Trends for 2019  
https://aglowiditsolutions.com/blog/best-node-js-frameworks/  
 ` aglowiditsolutions.com`
  

## Litedom: A Vuejs like reactive Web Component/Custom Element library  
https://github.com/mardix/litedom  
 ` github.com`
  

## Why Native Script is Best For Angularjs Mobile App Development  
https://medium.com/@ronak8036/why-nativescript-with-angular-best-for-mobile-app-development-ebdf83138e4f  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Unlocking New Capabilities for the Web (Google I/O ’19)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSiUzuB-PoI  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## SAP ERP Users Email Database and Contact Lists.  
http://www.emaildatasupply.com/technology/SAP-ERP-Users-Email-List.html  
 ` www.emaildatasupply.com`
  

## Natural Language Processing Tools  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/nlp-tools/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Custom Properties (CSS-Variables) Polyfill  
https://github.com/nuxodin/ie11CustomProperties  
 ` github.com`
  

## Vue custom form generator, support for generating forms using Json  
https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/c868qi/vue_custom_form_generator_support_for_generating/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x  
 ` www.reddit.com`
  

## A vue dynamic form component, support complex data type  
https://github.com/chenquincy/vue-dynamic-form-component  
 ` github.com`
  

## Top 7 Must Have Automotive Software For Your Automotive Business  
https://hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com/post/185998513838/7-must-have-automotive-software-for-auto  
 ` hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com`
  

## Easy to use customisations of standard NavigationDrawer  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/minavdrawer  
 ` github.com`
  

## Automatically detect memory leaks with Puppeteer  
https://media-codings.com/articles/automatically-detect-memory-leaks-with-puppeteer  
 ` media-codings.com`
  

## Extending Cloudflare Workers KV With .keys()  
https://medium.com/@anywhichway/cloudflare-workers-kv-keys-ccbcf92d2dca  
 ` medium.com`
  

## 15 Minutes to Automation Nirvana  
https://css-tricks.com/15-minutes-automation-nirvana/?utm_source=frontendfront.com&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=bz_content  
Buddy ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Why Continuous Delivery sucks in 2k19  
https://hackernoon.com/why-continuous-delivery-sucks-in-2k19-552906ce366  
Buddy ` hackernoon.com`
  

## Remaking README from the beginning  
https://medium.com/naver-fe-platform/remaking-readme-from-the-beginning-82b6fa20f9a8  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Node.js 12.5: Shortened startup time with V8 snapshots  
http://www.echojs.com/news/32698  
 
  

## PWAExample  
https://pwaexample.com/  
 ` pwaexample.com`
  

## ProtoGrapQL  
https://github.com/oslabs-beta/protographql  
 ` github.com`
  

## Gulp.js command execution for humans  
https://github.com/ehmicky/gulp-execa  
 ` github.com`
  

## Exploring Sapper + Svelte: A quick tutorial  
https://blog.logrocket.com/exploring-sapper-svelte-a-quick-tutorial/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Responsive design ground rules  
https://polypane.rocks/blog/responsive-design-ground-rules  
Kilian Valkhof ` polypane.rocks`
  

## WebGL month. Day 2: Shaders and points  
https://dev.to/lesnitsky/shaders-and-points-3h2c  
 ` dev.to`
  

## The 10 Principles Every Website Design Should Have  
https://www.brandyoudevelopment.com/the-10-principles-every-website-design-should-have/  
 ` www.brandyoudevelopment.com`
  

## Python library for teaching TensorFlow neural nets to play Blackjack and count cards  
https://github.com/justinbodnar/Artificial-Intelligence-in-BlackJack-Card-Counting  
 ` github.com`
  

## Rethinking how technology uses our personal data  
https://thecloudfall.com/  
 ` thecloudfall.com`
  

## How to make HTTP requests like a pro with Axios  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-make-http-requests-like-a-pro-with-axios/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

