## List of almost all JavaScript Grids  
https://github.com/FancyGrid/awesome-grid  
 ` github.com`
  

## Mocking HTTP/S Requests without Coding  
https://medium.com/@sheiko/mocking-http-s-requests-with-puppetry-2fcc24285f8a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Angular 9 update: Release Candidates  
https://helpdev.eu/angular-9-updates-release-candidates/  
 ` helpdev.eu`
  

## Why Flutter App Development?  
https://ganvwale.com/flutter-app-development/  
 ` ganvwale.com`
  

## x-autosuggest - Autosuggest results based on input  
https://github.com/niksy/x-autosuggest  
 ` github.com`
  

## CFP for JSConf Budapest 2020 is open till the end of February  
https://jsconfbp.com/call-for-speakers  
 ` jsconfbp.com`
  

## http://vlsaglobalservices.com/ece-project-in-chennai.php  
http://vlsaglobalservices.com/ece-project-in-chennai.php  
 ` vlsaglobalservices.com`
  

## How to set up emails in NodeJS?  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/how-to-set-up-emails-in-nodejs/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## CSS Fundamentals: The Cascade & Specificity  
https://medium.com/swlh/css-fundamentals-the-cascade-specificity-b499b58e90a8  
 ` medium.com`
  

## No need to calculate the estimated time manually  
https://github.com/whizsid/react-progress-timer  
 ` github.com`
  

## Optional chaining helps to avoid "undefined is not a function" exceptions  
https://www.stefanjudis.com/today-i-learned/optional-chaining-helps-to-avoid-undefined-is-not-a-function-exceptions/  
 ` www.stefanjudis.com`
  

## Valuable Investment for CTOs: Progressive web applications  
https://buttercms.com/blog/valuable-investment-for-ctos-progressive-web-applications  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

## Darti Web | Sensor network information dashboard | Eradication of Chagas Disease with Technology  
https://github.com/nemesiscodex/darti-frontend  
 ` github.com`
  

## What’s new in Preact X?  
https://blog.logrocket.com/whats-new-in-preact-x/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## neo.mjs - the webworkers driven UI framework  
https://github.com/neomjs/neo  
 ` github.com`
  

## Functors and Monads in plain TypeScript  
https://dev.to/airtucha/functors-and-monads-in-plain-typescript-33o1  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Browser Default Styles  
https://browserdefaultstyles.com/  
Nicolas Géroux ` browserdefaultstyles.com`
  

## Rethinking Previews  
https://www.sanity.io/blog/evolve-authoring-experiences-with-views-and-split-panes#rethinking-previews-c709ef7472b6  
Knut Melvær ` www.sanity.io`
  

## doujin 18+ downloader  
https://zombiesgs.github.io/hendownvue/#/  
 ` zombiesgs.github.io`
  

## pg-queue - reliable background jobs for PostgreSQL and Node.js/TypeScript  
https://github.com/OrKoN/pg-queue  
 ` github.com`
  

## Cloud architecture for developers personal projects.  
https://niradler.com/personal-experiment-cloud-architecture-for-developers/  
 ` niradler.com`
  

## Free node based Workflow Automation Tool (Zapier alternative)  
https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n  
 ` github.com`
  

## 7 Uses for CSS Custom Properties  
https://css-irl.info/7-uses-for-css-custom-properties/  
Marcin Borowski ` css-irl.info`
  

## Web Performance Calendar 2019  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/  
Andreas Krüger ` calendar.perfplanet.com`
  

## 02. Javascript Guide – Numbers in Javascript  
http://sandny.com/2019/12/15/numbers-in-javascript  
 ` sandny.com`
  

## A Recap of Frontend Development in 2019  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/a-recap-of-frontend-development-in-2019-1e7d07966d6c  
 
  

## Raw WebGL — An overview on how to write a WebGL application. Learn what key data structures and types are needed to draw in WebGL.  
https://alain.xyz/blog/raw-webgl  
 
  

## Web Reader using Web Speech API  
https://dev.to/lenmorld/web-reader-using-web-speech-api-bkn  
 
  

## Why <details> is Not an Accordion  
https://daverupert.com/2019/12/why-details-is-not-an-accordion/  
 
  

## Accessibility Testing by People with Disabilities  
https://www.24a11y.com/2019/accessibility-testing-by-people-with-disabilities/  
 
  

## Develop, Debug, Learn? A time to re-think our tooling.  
https://medium.com/@codepo8/develop-debug-learn-a-time-to-re-think-our-tooling-5f3ee374c283  
 
  

## The Evolution of JavaScript Tooling: A Modern Developer’s Guide  
https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-tooling-evolution-modern-developers-guide/  
 
  

## Self-hosting third-party resources: the good, the bad and the ugly  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/self-hosting-third-party-resources-the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly/  
 
  

## Developing the Largest Contentful Paint Metric  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/developing-the-largest-contentful-paint-metric/  
 
  

## Getting Started with Web Performance  
https://calibreapp.com/blog/get-started-with-performance  
 
  

## Average Page Load Times for 2020 — Are you faster?  
https://www.machmetrics.com/speed-blog/average-page-load-times-for-2020/  
 
  

## Why CSS HSL Colors are Better!  
https://medium.com/@elad/why-css-hsl-colors-are-better-83b1e0b6eead  
 
  

## Showing File Types in Links  
https://adrianroselli.com/2019/12/showing-file-types-in-links.html  
 
  

## Quoting in HTML: Quotations, Citations, and Blockquotes  
https://css-tricks.com/quoting-in-html-quotations-citations-and-blockquotes/  
 
  

## CSS Glitchy Text Reveal in 3 minutes  
https://blog.prototypr.io/css-glitchy-text-reveal-in-3-minutes-7fa00732f1ea  
 
  

## CSS 3D transformations & SVG  
https://blogs.igalia.com/nzimmermann/posts/2019-12-12-3d-transformations/  
 
  

## A Handy Sass-Powered Tool for Making Balanced Color Palettes  
https://css-tricks.com/a-handy-sass-powered-tool-for-making-balanced-color-palettes/  
 
  

## Drawing Homer Simpson using circles in CSS  
https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/drawing-homer-simpson-using-circles-in-css-4gc1  
 
  

## Thoughts On Svelte.  
https://ilikekillnerds.com/2019/12/thoughts-on-svelte/  
 
  

## You Might Need Those Semicolons in Your JavaScript After All  
https://medium.com/better-programming/you-might-need-those-semicolons-in-your-javascript-after-all-b28154f93ea8?  
 
  

## 20 ways to become a better Node.js developer in 2020  
https://medium.com/@me_37286/20-ways-to-become-a-better-node-js-developer-in-2020-d6bd73fcf424  
 
  

## How Does Svelte Actually Work? part 2  
https://dev.to/zev/how-does-svelte-actually-work-part-2-3gbp  
 
  

## JavaScript Visualized: the JavaScript Engine  
https://dev.to/lydiahallie/javascript-visualized-the-javascript-engine-4cdf  
 
  

## JavaScript’s Async + Await in 5 Minutes  
https://dev.to/jh3y/javascript-s-async-await-in-5-minutes-3e6d  
 
  

## The unseen performance costs of modern CSS-in-JS libraries in React apps  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/the-unseen-performance-costs-of-css-in-js-in-react-apps/  
 
  

## Enterprise React in 2020  
https://medium.com/@viacheslavlushchinskiy/enterprise-react-in-2020-78155bc99259  
 
  

## My Top React Techtalks of 2019  
https://dev.to/mavropalias/my-top-react-techtalks-of-2019-485j  
 
  

## The Good and the Bad of Vue.js Framework Programming  
https://medium.com/swlh/the-good-and-the-bad-of-vue-js-framework-programming-84a8656d9f1  
 
  

## How to reuse one Vue.js codebase across multiple apps  
https://medium.com/bauer-kirch/how-to-reuse-one-vue-js-codebase-across-multiple-apps-3d2756a6552  
 
  

## Design Principles of Vue 3.0 by Evan You  
https://vuetoronto.com/videos/design-principles-of-vue-3-evan-you/  
 
  

## Vue2 plugin for the Composition API.  
https://github.com/vuejs/composition-api  
 
  

## Portal — a new feature in Vue 3  
https://vueschool.io/articles/vuejs-tutorials/portal-a-new-feature-in-vue-3/  
 
  

## Everything You Should Know About Filters in Vue  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/everything-you-should-know-about-filters-in-vue  
 
  

## Build dynamic Angular forms on-the-fly  
https://dev.to/max/build-dynamic-angular-forms-on-the-fly-4n3m  
 
  

## 10 Useful Angular Features You’ve Probably Never Used  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/10-useful-angular-features-youve-probably-never-used-e9e33f5c35a7  
 
  

## Angular and Internet Explorer  
https://medium.com/angular-in-depth/angular-and-internet-explorer-a6e4b5a5dae1  
 
  

## Ember.js Octane vs Classic Cheat Sheet  
https://ember-learn.github.io/ember-octane-vs-classic-cheat-sheet/  
 
  

## Open Source + A11y Deep Dive: Ember Sortable  
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/open-source-a11y-deep-dive-ember-sortable-yicheng-jerry-gong/  
 
  

## New in Chrome 79  
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/12/nic79  
 
  

## Chrome 79 released with tab freezing, back-forward caching, and loads of security features  
https://www.zdnet.com/article/chrome-79-released-with-tab-freezing-back-forward-caching-and-loads-of-security-features/  
 
  

## Debugging Variables With Watchpoints in Firefox 72  
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2019/12/debugging-variables-with-watchpoints-in-firefox-72/  
 
  

## No to Chrome  
https://notochrome.org/  
 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #136 (9–15 December 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-136-9-15-december-2019-30d4ffd8bb42?  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

