## How to modernize a legacy application with micro-frontend technology  
https://link.medium.com/ZUGRLQFGu1  
 ` link.medium.com`
  

## React Bootstrap Button Example  
https://www.uibootstrap.net/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap-button-example/  
 ` www.uibootstrap.net`
  

## Strive to Orthogonal React Components  
https://dmitripavlutin.com/orthogonal-react-components/  
 ` dmitripavlutin.com`
  

## Landing page template built in Next.js (React) with static HTML export  
https://github.com/tomsoderlund/nextjs-generic-landing-page  
 ` github.com`
  

## Spotify client built with vue.js / vuex.  
https://github.com/gk4m/vue-spotify  
 ` github.com`
  

## Shareable TypeScript configuration files to extend from  
https://github.com/mightyiam/tsconfigs  
 ` github.com`
  

## Jelly  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/Jelly  
 ` github.com`
  

## Rendering sibling elements in React using Fragments  
https://blog.logrocket.com/rendering-sibling-elements-react-fragments/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Nodejs Send Email Using Nodemailer  
https://www.js-tutorials.com/nodejs-tutorial/nodejs-send-email-using-nodemailer/  
 ` www.js-tutorials.com`
  

## Take the 2019 State of JavaScript survey  
https://survey.stateofjs.com/?source=echojs  
 ` survey.stateofjs.com`
  

## Typescript and Redux. Best tips.  
https://dev.to/pretaporter/typescript-and-redux-my-tips-5da9  
 ` dev.to`
  

## The React useContext Hook in a Nutshell  
https://alligator.io/react/usecontext/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## Use Hooks + Context, not React + Redux  
https://blog.logrocket.com/use-hooks-and-context-not-react-and-redux/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Node Task List: Interactive cli that lists and run package.json scripts  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ntl  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## JavaScript Fundamentals: Array & Object Methods  
https://itnext.io/javascript-fundamentals-array-object-methods-1f3f4adc025c  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## Static vs Dynamic Type Checking in React  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/static-vs-dynamic-type-checking-in-react-b31ae250b5db  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## NÄ–URO â€“ Â«Hello WorldÂ» Dashboard Example Added  
https://github.com/neuro-lab/neuro-lab.github.io?add=true  
 ` github.com`
  

## Learning and Using TypeScript as an App Developer and Library Maintainer  
https://blog.isquaredsoftware.com/2019/11/blogged-answers-learning-and-using-typescript/  
 ` blog.isquaredsoftware.com`
  

## Are the Angular services singleton?  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/are-the-angular-services-singleton/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## MC.JS reborn (Minecraft-like voxel engine)  
https://github.com/ian13456/mine.js  
 ` github.com`
  

## Completely free Cloud native microservice for file storage and processing  
https://github.com/postput/postput/  
 ` github.com`
  

## Use trackBy in Angular ngFor Loops and MatTables  
https://dev.to/eyassh/use-trackby-in-angular-ngfor-loops-and-mattables-2ce0  
 ` dev.to`
  

## JavaScript Fundamentals: Understanding Regex  
https://itnext.io/javascript-fundamentals-understanding-regex-fd81891375e0  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## Basics of JavaScript programming  
https://areknawo.com/basics-of-javascript-programming/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## Private fields, public worries  
https://medium.com/virtuslab/private-fields-public-worries-b8c34d16c372  
 ` medium.com`
  

## How to deploy an angular app on GitHub Pages using GitHub Actions  
https://uxworks.org/how-to-deploy-angular-app-on-github-pages-using-github-actions  
 ` uxworks.org`
  

## Interactive visualisation of 7 the most common sorting algorithms  
https://airtucha.github.io/SortVis/  
 ` airtucha.github.io`
  

## JSONP demystified  
https://blog.logrocket.com/jsonp-demystified-what-it-is-and-why-it-exists/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Send JWT from client-side React app using Apollo Client  
https://www.richardkotze.com/coding/send-jwt-client-apollo-graphql  
 ` www.richardkotze.com`
  

## A practical guide to accessibility for forms  
https://blog.logrocket.com/a-practical-guide-to-accessibility-for-forms/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Cursor and Offset Pagination Techniques with GraphQL  
https://blog.hasura.io/cursor-offset-pagination-with-hasura-graphql/  
 ` blog.hasura.io`
  

## The Firefox UI is now built with Web Components  
https://briangrinstead.com/blog/firefox-webcomponents/  
 
  

## Introduction to Character/Text Encoding in Web  
https://itnext.io/introduction-to-character-text-encoding-in-web-4b315c4244f2  
 
  

## 6 Patterns for Microfrontends  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/6-patterns-for-microfrontends-347ae0017ec0  
 
  

## Highlights from Chrome Dev Summit 2019  
https://bitsofco.de/chrome-dev-summit-2019/  
 
  

## Inspirational Websites RoundupÂ #10  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/11/20/inspirational-websites-roundup-10/  
 
  

## Adaptive Loadingâ€Šâ€”â€ŠImproving Web Performance on low-end devices  
https://dev.to/addyosmani/adaptive-loading-improving-web-performance-on-low-end-devices-1m69  
 
  

## WebPageTest Scripting: Examples for advanced speed testing scenarios  
https://www.machmetrics.com/speed-blog/webpagetest-scripting-examples-for-advanced-speed-testing-scenarios/  
 
  

## Planet Performance Podcast, a project by Stoyan Stefanov.  
https://podcast.perfplanet.com/#1  
 
  

## Train your CSS skills with online games  
https://dev.to/paco_ita/train-your-css-skills-with-online-games-4ah3  
 
  

## How Do You Remove Unused CSS From a Site?  
https://css-tricks.com/how-do-you-remove-unused-css-from-a-site/  
 
  

## Multiple-column Layout and column-span in Firefox 71  
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2019/11/multiple-column-layout-and-column-span-in-firefox-71/  
 
  

## Techniques for a Newspaper Layout with CSS Grid and Border Lines Between Elements  
https://css-tricks.com/techniques-for-a-newspaper-layout-with-css-grid-and-border-lines-between-elements/  
 
  

## Understanding the Difference Between CSS Resolution and Device Resolution  
https://medium.com/@elad/understanding-the-difference-between-css-resolution-and-device-resolution-28acae23da0b  
 
  

## UI Case study: state styles of card component with accessibility in mind  
https://blog.prototypr.io/ui-case-study-state-styles-of-card-component-with-accessibility-in-mind-2f30137c6108  
 
  

## Creating complex layouts using CSSÂ Grid  
https://www.sushkelly.co.uk/work/2019/11/21/creating-more-complex-layouts-using-css-grid.html?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## Useful New Features in ES2016 and 2017  
https://medium.com/better-programming/useful-new-features-in-es2016-and-2017-3df7b29cc503  
 
  

## Whatâ€™s New in ES2019?  
http://www.zsoltnagy.eu/whats-new-in-es2019/  
 
  

## The Top JavaScript Frameworks For Front-End Development in 2020  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/complete-guide-for-front-end-developers-javascript-frameworks-2019/  
 
  

## Getting Started With An Express And ES6+ JavaScript Stack  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/11/express-es6-javascript-stack-mongodb-mongoose-servers/  
 
  

## I created the exact same app in React and Svelte. Here are the differences.  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/i-created-the-exact-same-app-in-react-and-svelte-here-are-the-differences-c0bd2cc9b3f8  
 
  

## jQuery Core: Migrate from AMD to ES modules   
https://github.com/jquery/jquery/commit/d0ce00cdfa680f1f0c38460bc51ea14079ae8b07  
 
  

## How to successfully manage a large scale JavaScript monorepo aka megarepo  
https://www.jonathancreamer.com/how-to-successfully-manage-a-monorepo-aka-megarepo/  
 
  

## 15 Common Operations on Arrays in JavaScript (Cheatsheet)  
https://dmitripavlutin.com/operations-on-arrays-javascript/  
 
  

## JS Partyâ€Šâ€”â€ŠEpisode #101: We should rebrand JavaScript. Yep?Â Nope?  
https://changelog.com/jsparty/101  
 
  

## React Component Lifecycle Methods Cheatsheet ðŸ“„  
https://dev.to/bunlong/react-component-lifecycle-methods-cheatsheet-1eaf?utm_content=buffera9f2e&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer  
 
  

## Create a Toggle Switch in React as a Reusable Component  
https://www.sitepoint.com/react-toggle-switch-reusable-component/  
 
  

## 4 Custom Hooks to Boost Your React App  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/4-custom-hooks-to-boost-your-react-app-d54aefe34061  
 
  

## 11 Top React Developer Tools for 2020  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-top-react-developer-tools-for-2020-3860f734030b  
 
  

## SWRâ€Šâ€”â€Ša React Hooks library for remote data fetching.  
https://swr.now.sh/  
 
  

## Is React Overrated?  
https://medium.com/better-programming/is-react-overrated-c7f8efb75e3e  
 
  

## How to Create a Progressive Web App with Vue.js  
https://medium.com/@hohanga/how-to-create-a-progressive-web-app-with-vue-js-7086cbf87a43  
 
  

## Production-ready Vue SSR in 5 Simple Steps  
https://medium.com/namecheap-engineering/production-ready-vue-ssr-in-5-simple-steps-39d171904150  
 
  

## Suspenseâ€Šâ€”â€Šnew feature in Vue 3  
https://vueschool.io/articles/vuejs-tutorials/suspense-new-feature-in-vue-3/  
 
  

## Building the ultimate portfolio site with Nuxt.js and Netlify: beautiful, blazing fast and 100% SEO optimized  
https://itnext.io/building-the-ultimate-portfolio-site-with-nuxt-js-and-netlify-beautiful-blazing-fast-100-seod-102913a60cfd  
 
  

## I created the exact same app in Vue and Svelte. Here are the differences.  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/i-created-the-exact-same-app-in-vue-and-svelte-here-are-the-differences-c649f8d4ce0a  
 
  

## Angular SEO: How to Make Search-Friendly Pages  
https://buttercms.com/blog/angular-seo-how-to-make-search-friendly-pages  
 
  

## Angular Promises Versus Observables  
https://www.syncfusion.com/blogs/post/angular-promises-versus-observables.aspx?utm_campaign=angularweekly&utm_medium=email&utm_source=revuenewsletter  
 
  

## The Last Guide For Angular Change Detection Youâ€™ll Ever Need  
https://www.mokkapps.de/blog/the-last-guide-for-angular-change-detection-you-will-ever-need/?utm_campaign=Angular%20Weekly&utm_medium=email&utm_source=Revue%20newsletter  
 
  

## How I wrote NgRx Store in 63 lines of code  
https://medium.com/angular-in-depth/how-i-wrote-ngrx-store-in-63-lines-of-code-dfe925fe979b  
 
  

## 9 Ideas For Angular That Are Often Overlooked by Developers  
https://medium.com/better-programming/9-major-ideas-for-angular-that-are-often-overlooked-by-developers-272a553335a7  
 
  

## Quantum Angular: Maximizing Performance by RemovingÂ Zone  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/quantum-angular-maximizing-performance-by-removing-zone-e0eefe85b8d8  
 
  

## Ember 3.14 Released (Octane Preview Cont.)  
https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/11/18/ember-3-14-released.html  
 
  

## lite-youtube-embedâ€Šâ€”â€ŠProvide videos with a supercharged focus on visual performance. This custom element renders just like the real thing but approximately 224X faster.  
https://github.com/paulirish/lite-youtube-embed  
 
  

## Legra (Lego brick Graphics)â€Šâ€”â€Ša small JavaScript library that lets you draw using LEGOÂ® like brick shapes on an HTML canvasÂ element  
https://legrajs.com/  
 
  

## Adopting Angular (2+) framework  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/45/adopting-angular-2---framework  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## Introducing: Pluggable asset sources for Sanity Studio!  
https://www.sanity.io/blog/introducing-pluggable-asset-sources  
Knut MelvÃ¦r ` www.sanity.io`
  

## Scaling SVG Elements  
https://wattenberger.com/guide/scaling-svg  
Petra Jostad ` wattenberger.com`
  

## Understanding Homebrew  
https://zellwk.com/blog/homebrew  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## Using CSS custom properties to reduce the size of your CSS  
https://codyhouse.co/blog/post/using-css-custom-properties-to-reduce-the-size-of-your-css  
Sebastiano Guerriero ` codyhouse.co`
  

## 5 Things I love about Strapi, a Node.js headless CMS  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/44/5-things-i-love-about-strapi-a-node-js-headless-cms  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #133 (18 â€“24 November 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-133-18-24-november-2019-5cb56ac2c553  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

## Fit on a Floppy  
https://fitonafloppy.website/  
Viktor Berezin ` fitonafloppy.website`
  

## New JavaScript Features Coming in ES2020 That You Can Use Now  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/new-features-of-javascript-that-we-can-use-soon-or-now-6199981bd2f?source=friends_link&sk=d8886f0b4ac082704da63b8133ddb286  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Reusing JavaScript Tests  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/reusing-javascript-tests-483288d3f733  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## 6 best React component libraries by category  
https://areknawo.com/6-best-react-component-libraries-by-category/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## Animating Vue with GreenSock  
https://blog.logrocket.com/animating-vue-with-greensock/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## DataFormsJS - New JavaScript Framework for Vue and Handlebars, React Components, Web Components and more. Try the online playground!  
https://www.dataformsjs.com/#/en/  
 ` www.dataformsjs.com`
  

