## React UI animation made simple  
https://dev.to/bluebill1049/react-ui-animation-made-simple-5hbd  
 ` dev.to`
  

## CSS at Scale: Cosmetic vs Layout Properties  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/css-at-scale-cosmetic-vs-layout-properties-a1c8acc875d7?source=friends_link&sk=4ab03d819d9ddc94acb7dfcf37f8dc76  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Flutter vs React Native: A Detailed Comparison  
https://techstacks.io/posts/7212/confused-between-flutter-vs-react-native  
 ` techstacks.io`
  

## React Native vs Swift: Everything you need to know  
https://yourstory.com/mystory/react-native-v-s-swift-everything-you-need-to-know  
 ` yourstory.com`
  

## Firebase vs. MongoDB: Which Database to Use for Your App Development  
https://dzone.com/articles/firebase-vs-mongodb-which-database-to-use-for-your  
 ` dzone.com`
  

## Build an anonymous chat app with React & React bootstrap  
https://www.cometchat.com/tutorials/build-an-anonymous-chat-app-with-react-react-bootstrap/  
 ` www.cometchat.com`
  

## A milestone in the life of every JS dev: reimplementing Promises  
https://github.com/jfet97/Promyse  
 ` github.com`
  

## OverlapImageGalleryView with different animations  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/overlap-image-gallery-view  
 ` github.com`
  

## Bitcoin Price Skyrocket — How to make profit?  
https://medium.com/coinjoker-software/bitcoin-price-skyrocket-how-to-make-profit-32b5e633f61a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Angular - Understanding Architecture - Part 2  
https://overflowjs.com/posts/Angular-Understanding-Architecture-Part-2  
 ` overflowjs.com`
  

## Simple Email and Google Auth with React and Firebase  
https://medium.com/@indreklasn/dead-simple-auth-with-react-and-firebase-592e40ff43c5  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Simplifying state initializers with Hooks  
https://blog.logrocket.com/simplifying-state-initializers-with-react-hooks/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Building a Conference Schedule with CSS Grid  
https://css-tricks.com/building-a-conference-schedule-with-css-grid/  
Ryan van Rooi ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Execa 2 release — process execution for humans  
https://medium.com/@ehmicky/execa-v2-20ffafeedfdf  
 ` medium.com`
  

## LRT: a new library to split long-running tasks into chunks of units and coordinating their execution with cooperative scheduling  
https://github.com/dfilatov/lrt  
 ` github.com`
  

## Enterprise JavaScript: Opportunities, Threats, Solutions  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/enterprise-javascript-opportunities-threats-solutions/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## 3 Key Insights from Vue's new functional API RFC  
https://zendev.com/2019/06/25/key-insights-from-vue-functional-rfc.html  
 ` zendev.com`
  

## JavaScript Fundamentals: Mastering Loops  
https://itnext.io/javascript-fundamentals-mastering-loops-6788687a9293  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## Multithreading in Node.js  
https://github.com/yankouskia/hurried/  
 ` github.com`
  

## A Guide to Event Handling in Vue JS  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/a-guide-to-event-handling-in-vue-js-f4c46a40fa9f  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## DarkmodeJS – manage dark mode on the web with matchMedia and prefers-color-scheme  
https://github.com/Assortment/darkmodejs  
Luke Whitehouse ` github.com`
  

