## Setup Express with TypeScript in 3 Easy Steps  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/setup-express-with-typescript-in-3-easy-steps-484772062e01  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## jQuery Tutorial: Improve performance for websites – Michail Athanassiadis – Medium  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/jquery-tutorial-improve-performance-for-websites-eebfa74c9d4a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## HOW TO BUILD A SUCCESSFUL TAXI BOOKING APP LIKE UBER?  
http://mobile-app-solutions.over-blog.com/2019/04/how-to-build-a-successful-taxi-booking-app-like-uber.html  
 ` mobile-app-solutions.over-blog.com`
  

## Price Comparison Website Script for Multi Vendors  
https://cashbackscript.net/blog/posts/Price-Comparison-Website-Script-for-Multi-Vendors  
 ` cashbackscript.net`
  

## Build 360-spin images with JS plugin  
https://github.com/scaleflex/js-cloudimage-360-view  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to Create Your Own Fitness App like Sworkit  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/fit-app-development/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Top 5 Myths of Cybersecurity: The Reality of Modern Threats  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/top-5-myths-of-cybersecurity-the-reality-of-modern-threats/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## Playing Space Invaders With Your Own Voice  
https://hackernoon.com/playing-space-invaders-with-your-own-voice-f0bc7581e9bc  
 ` hackernoon.com`
  

## Uploading Files and Images With Vue and Express  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/uploading-files-and-images-with-vue-and-express-2018ca0eecd0  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Announcing strapi@3.0.0-alpha.26 - Filter on deeply nested objects  
https://blog.strapi.io/deep-filtering-alpha-26/  
 ` blog.strapi.io`
  

## How to Create a Social Media App 2019  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/how-to-develop-social-media-app/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Digital Marketing Agency for Business Growth  
https://seo-warriors-digital-marketing-agency.blogspot.com/2019/04/digital-marketing-agency-for-business-growth.html  
 ` seo-warriors-digital-marketing-agency.blogspot.com`
  

## How do you build a simple blockchain application for business?  
https://www.quora.com/How-do-you-build-a-simple-blockchain-application-for-business/answer/Carolineluna-Luis  
 ` www.quora.com`
  

## Diagonal Containers in CSS  
https://codyhouse.co/blog/post/css-diagonal-containers  
Sebastiano Guerriero ` codyhouse.co`
  

## Development Resources  
https://www.devresources.site/  
 ` www.devresources.site`
  

## Experimental Node.js: testing the new performance hooks  
https://blog.logrocket.com/experimental-node-js-testing-the-new-performance-hooks-31fcdd2a747e  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## React on lambda. The next step to functional programming.  
https://sultan99.github.io/react-on-lambda  
 ` sultan99.github.io`
  

## Angular 8 Beta 12: Deprecation for TestBed and new feature  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31457  
 
  

## CORS Tutorial: A Guide to Cross-Origin Request Sharing  
https://auth0.com/blog/cors-tutorial-a-guide-to-cross-origin-request-sharing/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=tut_cors  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## Getting Started with ELK Stack - Building uptime monitor.  
https://niradler.com/getting-started-with-elk-stack/  
 ` niradler.com`
  

## Dockerize Serverless Application.  
https://niradler.com/serverless-docker-image/  
 ` niradler.com`
  

## Invoice App built with Vue, Node, Express and MySQL  
https://github.com/Andrei0872/vue-invoice-app  
 ` github.com`
  

## Bootstrap your next project with npm init  
https://niradler.com/bootstrap-your-next-project-with-npm-init/  
 ` niradler.com`
  

## Getting 60fps Animations in React  
https://alligator.io/react/getting-60fps-animations-in-react/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## JavSend Chat Invites Using Chirp  
https://github.com/chandler767/Chirp-PubNub-Chat  
 ` github.com`
  

