## Top 5 Enterprise Mobile App Trends to grow your Business  
https://www.digifutura.com/blog/top-5-enterprise-mobile-app-trends-to-grow-your-business  
 ` www.digifutura.com`
  

## The awesome ES6 map method  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/1/the-awesome-es6-map-method  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## Snake-Eating Game Making with Web Components of Omi and MVP Architecture  
https://dev.to/dntzhang/snake-eating-game-making-with-web-components-of-omi-and-mvp-architecture-206  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Comparison Between Flutter Vs Angular for Web App Development  
https://kodytechnolab.com/flutter-vs-angular-comparison  
 ` kodytechnolab.com`
  

## Adopting Memory Safe Recursion  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/6/adopting-memory-safe-recursion  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## Talking Mobile Tech Trends with the Stfalcon's experts  
https://stfalcon.com/en/blog/post/mobile-tech-trends  
 ` stfalcon.com`
  

## JavaScript Optional Chaining Proposal  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/10/optional-chaining-proposal  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## JavaScript to Know for React  
https://kentcdodds.com/blog/javascript-to-know-for-react  
Alfredo Higuero ` kentcdodds.com`
  

## Hooks are coming to Vue.js version 3.0  
https://blog.logrocket.com/hooks-are-coming-to-vue/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Nested Gradients with background-clip  
https://css-tricks.com/nested-gradients-with-background-clip/  
Justin Kidd ` css-tricks.com`
  

## How to Securely Backup a Seed Phrase  
https://qvault.io/2019/08/30/how-to-securely-backup-a-seed-phrase/  
 ` qvault.io`
  

## jQuery Mega Cheat Sheet  
https://makeawebsitehub.com/jquery-mega-cheat-sheet/  
 ` makeawebsitehub.com`
  

## RxJS Caching and Refreshing in Angular  
https://www.prestonlamb.com/blog/rxjs-cache-and-refresh-in-angular  
 ` www.prestonlamb.com`
  

## Tridash for frontend web development  
http://www.echojs.com/news/33518  
 
  

## Airbnb clone for any kind of rental business  
https://www.deviantart.com/thapreel/journal/Airbnb-clone-for-any-kind-of-rental-business-811611340  
 ` www.deviantart.com`
  

## Styling a react app using Emotion CSS in JS library – An introduction to Emotion  
https://learnwithparam.com/blog/styling-react-app-using-emotion-css-in-js-library/  
Paramanantham ` learnwithparam.com`
  

## Color this sofa! – SVG + Blend Mode trick  
https://codepen.io/kylewetton/pen/OJLmJoV  
Viktor Berezin ` codepen.io`
  

## Improve Performances using Memoization  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/20/improve-performances-using-memoization  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## 8 Books To Become a Great Node.js Developer  
https://coderrocketfuel.com/article/8-books-to-become-a-great-node-js-developer  
 ` coderrocketfuel.com`
  

## Turtle graphics in JavaScript the goofball way  
https://slicker.me/javascript/turtle.htm  
 ` slicker.me`
  

## Making Web-Workers Async Iterables  
https://github.com/jfet97/aww  
 ` github.com`
  

## How To Create Modal Box Component in React  
https://www.js-tutorials.com/javascript-tutorial/javascript-object-keys-example/  
 ` www.js-tutorials.com`
  

## Spring Boot + Maven + Docker boilerplate  
https://github.com/mag92/springdocker/  
 ` github.com`
  

## Trigger Firebase Storage Image Resize with Cloud Functions  
https://www.jsmonday.dev/articles/29/trigger-firebase-storage-image-resize-with-cloud-functions  
Miiitch ` www.jsmonday.dev`
  

## Laundry Baskets have a Shitty Stack-Based Architecture  
https://medium.com/@lane.c.wagner/laundry-baskets-have-a-shitty-stack-based-architecture-3ac5302f2250  
 ` medium.com`
  

## onli-reducer: write applications using Redux/useReducer without boilerplate  
https://github.com/ericdouglas/onli-reducer  
 ` github.com`
  

## The missing Micro Frontend Tool  
https://github.com/frontyjs/fronty  
Alon Valadji ` github.com`
  

## Get started with GPU Compute on the Web  
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/08/get-started-with-gpu-compute-on-the-web  
. The author is playing with the experimental WebGPU API 
  

## npm bans terminal ads  
https://www.zdnet.com/article/npm-bans-terminal-ads/  
 
  

## How Web Content Can Affect Power Usage  
https://webkit.org/blog/8970/how-web-content-can-affect-power-usage/  
 
  

## pwa-asset-generator  
https://github.com/onderceylan/pwa-asset-generator  
: based on Puppeteer, automatically generates icons and splash screens guided by Web App Manifest specs and Apple Human Interface guidelines. 
  

## Working with front-end tools on Linux and Windows: the grand performance test  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/working-with-front-end-tools-on-linux-and-windows-the-grand-performance-test-b51a77a71636  
 
  

## How to Accessibly Split Text  
https://css-irl.info/how-to-accessibly-split-text/  
 
  

## An Introduction to Accessibility Testing  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/an-introduction-to-accessibility-testing  
 
  

## A Glassy (and Classy) Text Effect  
https://css-tricks.com/a-glassy-and-classy-text-effect/  
 
  

## Color this sofa! — SVG + Blend Mode trick  
https://codepen.io/kylewetton/full/OJLmJoV  
 
  

## New & Experimental CSS Tools in Firefox  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHBE0mIDTHk  
 
  

## Can you rotate the cursor in CSS?  
https://css-tricks.com/can-you-rotate-the-cursor-in-css/  
 
  

## Styling Links with Real Underlines  
https://css-tricks.com/styling-links-with-real-underlines/  
 
  

## The Best JavaScript Meme I’ve Ever Seen, Explained in detail  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/explaining-the-best-javascript-meme-i-have-ever-seen/  
 
  

## Announcing Dojo 6  
https://dojo.io/blog/version-6-dojo  
 
  

## How JavaScript Grew Up and Became a Real Language  
https://medium.com/young-coder/how-javascript-grew-up-and-became-a-real-language-17a0b948b77f  
 
  

## Boilerplate Vanilla JS Content Slider  
https://cheewebdevelopment.com/boilerplate-vanilla-javascript-content-slider/  
 
  

## JavaScript Classes. An In-Depth look. Part 1.  
https://medium.com/@bobtomlin_70659/javascript-classes-an-in-depth-look-part-1-47d8f4e77cbd  
 
  

## A Practical Guide to Symbols in JavaScript  
http://thecodebarbarian.com/a-practical-guide-to-symbols-in-javascript.html  
 
  

## The story of a V8 performance cliff in React  
https://v8.dev/blog/react-cliff  
 
  

## How to setup ESLint and Prettier for your React apps  
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-guide-to-using-eslint-and-prettier-in-a-react-app/  
 
  

## React Push notifications (with hooks)  
https://itnext.io/react-push-notifications-with-hooks-d293d36f4836  
 
  

## Best Practices for Unit Testing in React Version 16  
https://eng.uber.com/best-practices-for-react-v16/  
 
  

## VeeValidate 3.0 has been released  
https://www.baianat.com/labs/code/veevalidate-3-0  
 
  

## Demystifying the v-model Directive in Vue  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/demystifying-the-v-model-directive-in-vue  
 
  

## Knowing What To Test — Vue Component Unit Testing  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2019/08/26/vue-what-to-unit-test-components/  
 
  

## Vue data flow — How it works?  
https://medium.com/js-dojo/vue-data-flow-how-it-works-3ff316a7ffcd  
 
  

## VuePress: Documentation Made Easy  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/08/vuepress-documentation/  
 
  

## How To Use Async and Await to Chain Promises  
https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-use-async-and-await-to-chain-promises-4180e2c1a374  
 
  

## Angular Localization Using ngx-translate  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/angular-localization-using-ngx-translate  
 
  

## Front End Architecture for Angular Applications  
https://medium.com/fincura-engineering/front-end-architecture-for-angular-applications-d6840b78706c  
 
  

## Why you should choose Angular for your next front-end project  
https://medium.com/@sredmond/why-you-should-choose-angular-for-your-next-front-end-project-d4dffbae8b07  
 
  

## Angular Tools for High Performance  
https://blog.angular.io/angular-tools-for-high-performance-6e10fb9a0f4a  
 
  

## The Baseline Interpreter: a faster JS interpreter in Firefox 70  
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2019/08/the-baseline-interpreter-a-faster-js-interpreter-in-firefox-70/  
 
  

## Update on removing Flash from Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer  
https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2019/08/30/update-removing-flash-microsoft-edge-internet-explorer/  
 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #121 (26 August — 1 September 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-121-26-august-1-september-2019-ede35fc89b5b  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

