## Shutting down Fridays with Zell  
https://zellwk.com/blog/shutting-down-fridays-with-zell  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## Firebase vs. MongoDB: Which Database to Use for Your App Development  
https://hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com/post/185878848478/firebase-vs-mongodb-which-database-to-use-for  
 ` hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com`
  

## Top React Libraries for Developers to Check Out in 2019  
https://dzone.com/articles/top-reactjs-libraries-for-developers-to-check-out  
 ` dzone.com`
  

## Open-Source food delivery and Hyperlocal app  
https://github.com/SumeetMoray/Nearby-Shops-End-User-Android-app  
 ` github.com`
  

## HTML is the Web  
https://www.petelambert.com/journal/html-is-the-web  
Anton Fuchs ` www.petelambert.com`
  

## Why Startups Prefer React Native for Mobile App Development  
http://bit.ly/2IRF2B4  
 ` bit.ly`
  

## Webpack From Zero to Hero - Chapter 4: Dynamic Imports and Code Splitting  
https://tech.olx.com/webpack-from-zero-to-hero-f64924e4d06  
 ` tech.olx.com`
  

## Three Predictions From the State of CSS 2019 Survey  
https://css-tricks.com/three-predictions-from-the-state-of-css-2019-survey/  
Andreas Kr√ºger ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Firebase vs MongoDB: How to Choose the Right Database?  
https://techstacks.io/posts/7215/firebase-vs-mongodb-battle-of-the-best-databases-2019  
 ` techstacks.io`
  

## Building reusable components using React  
https://buttercms.com/blog/building-reusable-components-using-react  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

## Reactive JavaScript Objects - Proof of Concept lib inspired by Vuejs reactivity system  
https://github.com/jfet97/oxjs  
 ` github.com`
  

## Next.js vs. Create React App: Whose apps are more performant?  
https://blog.logrocket.com/next-js-vs-create-react-app/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## What a flerken are React PropTypes and how to use them in a fancy way?  
https://blog.codeminer42.com/what-a-flerken-are-react-proptypes-and-how-to-use-them-in-a-fancy-way-c8291736e7e3  
 ` blog.codeminer42.com`
  

## Everything You Need to Know About PWAs  
https://medium.com/@indreklasn/everything-you-need-to-know-about-pwas-8e41a7e745aa?source=friends_link&sk=1f5001e2d396035b69d4c87383e373ed  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Vue Dashboard Tutorial Using Cube.js  
https://cube.dev/blog/vue-dashboard-tutorial-using-cubejs/  
 ` cube.dev`
  

## The State of Angular in 2019  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/the-state-of-angular-in-2019-b5fb7783a1c6  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Generate good-looking README in 5s  
https://twitter.com/FranckAbgrall/status/1139438639656644609  
 ` twitter.com`
  

## Customizable React Table for tournaments/battles  
https://github.com/yankouskia/react-tournament/blob/master/README.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## SeeQL - a database visualizer to help you write complex SQL queries  
https://github.com/oslabs-beta/seeql  
 ` github.com`
  

## Design patterns in Node.js: a practical guide  
https://blog.logrocket.com/design-patterns-in-node-js/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Using web components with a headless CMS  
https://buttercms.com/blog/using-web-components-with-buttercms  
 ` buttercms.com`
  

