## CSS3 3D library: css-camera  
https://woodneck.github.io/css-camera/  
 ` woodneck.github.io`
  

## Appwrite: An Open Source Backend Server for Mobile & Web Developers  
https://medium.com/@eldadfux/introducing-appwrite-an-open-source-backend-server-for-mobile-web-developers-4be70731575d?source=friends_link&sk=b6a2be384aafd1fa5b1b6ff12906082c  
 ` medium.com`
  

## WebWorker â€” Creating an async task execution thread  
https://medium.com/@lokeshpathrabe/webworker-creating-an-async-task-execution-thread-c46138350a75  
 ` medium.com`
  

## React Lazy â€” Optimizing bundle size - Beginner's Guide  
https://medium.com/@jodharishi/react-lazy-optimizing-bundle-size-fd82f4de2382  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Create an Alexa Radio Skill in 5 Minutes with Standard Library  
https://medium.com/@tinkr/create-an-alexa-radio-skill-in-5-minutes-with-standard-library-updated-7cbb6e9be5ae  
 ` medium.com`
  

## New version of donut / pie 3D chart in react with typescrpit!!  
https://github.com/woles/react-pie3d  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Ultimate Guide to handling JWTs on frontend clients (GraphQL)  
https://blog.hasura.io/best-practices-of-using-jwt-with-graphql  
 ` blog.hasura.io`
  

## ðŸŽ‰ React Suite 4.0 release  
https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/d1obyr/react_suite_40_release/  
 ` www.reddit.com`
  

## Rethinking the Redux API  
https://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/rethinking-the-redux-api  
 ` krasimirtsonev.com`
  

## Top 10 Angular Libraries  
https://medium.com/@kodyTechnolab/top-10-angular-libraries-of-2019-c2be90a69f7a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## A Comprehensive Study and Comparison of hybrid vs native apps  
https://bit.ly/2kaQu1e  
 ` bit.ly`
  

## Add internationalization (i18n) to an Angular app  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/add-internationalization-i18n-to-an-angular-app-b8fa8b51deea?source=friends_link&sk=ae74bcb34d20e702d701062e9f6417b6  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Mimic Whatsapp stories using React Native and Firestore  
https://blog.logrocket.com/whatsapp-stories-using-react-native-firestore/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Build Database Relationships with Node.js and MongoDB  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/build-database-relationships-with-node-js-and-mongodb/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Improving your mental model of useEffect  
https://rangle.io/blog/improving-your-mental-model-of-useeffect  
 ` rangle.io`
  

## Duplication in State Management: A Story of a Bug  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/duplication-in-state-management-a-story-of-a-bug-18c0d8206b59  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Parse a string with basic formatting markup into an primitive AST that can be used to render rich text  
https://codesandbox.io/s/amazing-tdd-xm1ox  
 ` codesandbox.io`
  

## Small steps on React: useState example by building a text-size changer  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylbVzIBhDIM  
Paramanantham ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Simplicity (II)  
https://bastianallgeier.com/notes/simplicity-part-2  
Anton Fuchs ` bastianallgeier.com`
  

## How to Play Mp3 Files in ReactJS  
https://coderrocketfuel.com/article/how-to-play-a-mp3-sound-file-in-react-js  
 ` coderrocketfuel.com`
  

## How to display observable of an object in angular  
https://dev.to/isamrish/how-to-display-observable-of-an-object-in-angular-22em  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Formv - Super simple HTML5 form validation blended with React  
https://github.com/Wildhoney/Formv  
 ` github.com`
  

