## Learn TypeScript #1 – The Basics of How Types Work Pt. 1  
http://manwithcode.com/579/learn-typescript-1-the-basics-of-how-types-work-pt-1/  
 ` manwithcode.com`
  

## Vectorious – Linear algebra in TypeScript  
https://github.com/mateogianolio/vectorious  
 ` github.com`
  

## Virtual Reality App For Shopping Mall  
https://fit4bond.net/blog/post/virtual-reality-app-for-shopping-mall  
 ` fit4bond.net`
  

## The Console Log: A Weekly Podcast About Javascript  
https://theconsolelog.com/  
 ` theconsolelog.com`
  

## Vue SSR Boilerplate  
https://github.com/antonreshetov/vue-ssr-boilerplate  
 ` github.com`
  

## useTypescript  - A Complete Guide to React Hooks and TypeScript  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/usetypescript-a-complete-guide-to-react-hooks-and-typescript-db1858d1fb9c  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Ember JavaScript Framework: 3.8 is the new LTS release  
http://www.echojs.com/news/30795  
 
  

## useRef() and Concurrent Mode: how to avoid shooting yourself in the foot  
https://frontarm.com/daishi-kato/use-ref-in-concurrent-mode/  
James K Nelson ` frontarm.com`
  

## Different Laser Name Tags  
https://usingeverythingsimple.wordpress.com/2019/03/04/different-laser-name-tags/  
 ` usingeverythingsimple.wordpress.com`
  

## JavaScript Awesome Tips from ES5 to ES10  
https://leanpub.com/javascript-awesome-tips  
 ` leanpub.com`
  

## Learn GatsbyJS with Strapi Headless CMS Video Tutorial Series  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7Q0DQYATmvgGiz0MbbsMA_aB1V0yLE7a  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Readymade Uber App Clone Source Code  
https://apurpleofficial.tumblr.com/post/183237912039/uber-app-clone-uber-clone-script-uber-clone  
 ` apurpleofficial.tumblr.com`
  

## Persisted data migration managed by frontend applications  
https://blog.pragmatists.com/data-persistence-in-evolving-web-application-efbf89ee7c19  
 ` blog.pragmatists.com`
  

## Top Tips when moving your WordPress site to Gatsbyjs.  
https://www.jsdiaries.com/tips-when-moving-your-wordpress-site-to-gatsbyjs/  
 ` www.jsdiaries.com`
  

## Telephone-ts: The "Event Emitter-less" TypeScript Event Architecture.  
https://github.com/bobbylite/telephone-ts  
 ` github.com`
  

## JavaScript Performance Pitfalls in V8  
https://ponyfoo.com/articles/javascript-performance-pitfalls-v8  
 ` ponyfoo.com`
  

## Blazing fast development with Gatsby and Sanity.io  
https://www.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2019-01-25-blazing-fast-development-with-gatsby-and-sanity-io/  
 ` www.gatsbyjs.org`
  

## JavaScript Fundamentals: Master the DOM! (Part 1)  
https://itnext.io/javascript-fundamentals-master-the-dom-part-1-82433084fb40  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## Build a Reusable Accordion Component with React and Bit  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/build-a-reusable-accordion-component-with-react-and-bit-3b397fcb2dae  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Bootstrap Table to integration with the most widely used CSS frameworks available  
https://bootstrap-table.com/themes/  
 ` bootstrap-table.com`
  

## Sandbox Code Using Web Workers  
https://www.yourjs.com/blog/sandbox-code-using-web-workers/  
 ` www.yourjs.com`
  

## How streams can simplify your life  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-streams-can-simplify-your-life-494a4b247f36  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Size Limit: tool to show error when pull request bloat JS bundle size  
https://github.com/ai/size-limit/  
 ` github.com`
  

