## Learn JavaScript  
https://learnjavascript.online/  
 ` learnjavascript.online`
  

## Free Hugo Theme - Hugo Hero  
https://hugo-hero.netlify.com/  
 ` hugo-hero.netlify.com`
  

## 3D Body Scanner & Measurement App Development Company  
https://fit4bond.net/blog/post/3d-body-scanner-measurement-app-development  
 ` fit4bond.net`
  

## Kalimdor.js: Machine Learning with TypeScript - FrontNet  
https://frontnet.eu/kalimdor-js-machine-learning-with-typescript/  
 ` frontnet.eu`
  

## How to Use Machine Learning in Marketplace Development  
https://sloboda-studio.com/blog/machine-learning-marketplace-development/  
 ` sloboda-studio.com`
  

## Epoc.js: JavaScript Brain Sensor Controller Software - HelpDev  
https://helpdev.eu/epoc-js-open-source-javascript-brain-sensor-controller-software/  
 ` helpdev.eu`
  

## Developing Apps for Android Automobile  
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/799248265098284835  
 ` www.pinterest.com`
  

## Improved Datepicker Component for Vue  
https://github.com/edisdev/vue-datepicker-ui  
 ` github.com`
  

## javascript proxy – Querying arrays with more readable methods  
http://www.jomendez.com/2018/12/29/querying-arrays-with-more-readable-methods-using-javascript-proxy/  
 ` www.jomendez.com`
  

## Theme driven design systems  
https://alexpate.uk/journal/theme-driven-design-systems/  
Alex Pate ` alexpate.uk`
  

## Finite state machine done right!  
https://github.com/bredele/mood  
 ` github.com`
  

## Versatile Webpack configurations for your React application  
https://blog.logrocket.com/versatile-webpack-configurations-for-your-react-application-e6ebf6615cc  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## How to Create a Public File Sharing Service with Vue.js and Node.js  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/how-to-create-a-public-file-sharing-service-with-vue-js-and-node-js/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Build your own ERC20 tokens and launch an ICO  
http://www.thebaynet.com/user/articles/preview/89930  
 ` www.thebaynet.com`
  

## Coding controversy - thoughts about my first OSS library  
https://areknawo.com/coding-controversy  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## R.lt – are we that lazy?  
https://ilearnsmarter.wordpress.com/2019/01/05/r-lt-are-we-that-lazy/  
 ` ilearnsmarter.wordpress.com`
  

## An isomorphic, configurable and fool proof javascript utility for objects deep cloning.  
https://github.com/jfet97/omniclone  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Most Hearted Pens of 2018  
https://codepen.io/2018/popular/pens/  
Justin Kidd ` codepen.io`
  

## Buy Men's Extra Large Clothes Online  
http://www.xxllent.com/product-category/men/  
 ` www.xxllent.com`
  

## MySigMail – UI email signature generator on GitHub  
https://github.com/antonreshetov/mysigmail  
 ` github.com`
  

## Javascript Context — this keyword  
https://medium.com/@ideepak.jsd/javascript-context-this-keyword-9a78a19d5786  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #90 (1–6 January 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-90-1-6-january-2019-1f2088400dc9  
frontender ` medium.com`
  

## How Much Should You Get Paid To Build Websites In 2019?  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/costs-building-websites-2019/  
 
  

## Learn how to use JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for Authentication  
https://github.com/dwyl/learn-json-web-tokens/blob/master/README.md  
 
  

## PageSpeed Module: Dramatically Increase the Speed of Your Website Automatically  
https://www.machmetrics.com/speed-blog/google-pagespeed-module-dramatically-increase-the-speed-of-your-website-automatically/  
 
  

## Accessibility — The State of the Web  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TomOQYxFnrU  
 
  

## Beyoncé’s Parkwood Entertainment sued over website accessibility  
https://www.theguardian.com/music/2019/jan/04/beyonce-parkwood-entertainment-sued-over-website-accessibility  
 
  

## Tool for creating SVG Filters with Gradient Map  
https://yoksel.github.io/svg-gradient-map/#/  
 
  

## HTML5 SVG Fill Animation With CSS3 And Vanilla JavaScript  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/html5-svg-fill-animation-css3-vanilla-javascript/  
 
  

## sketch of three.js  
https://ykob.github.io/sketch-threejs/sketch/newyear2019.html  
 
  

## Crossy Road with three.js  
https://codepen.io/HunorMarton/full/JwWLJo  
 
  

## CSS Grid for Designers  
https://open.nytimes.com/css-grid-for-designers-f74a883b98f5  
. How a new technology is changing layout on the web 
  

## Simple CSS Animation Tutorial  
https://medium.com/@js_tut/simple-css-animation-tutorial-c4ad941a5d5c  
 
  

## A Quick CSS Audit and General Notes About Design Systems  
https://css-tricks.com/a-quick-css-audit-and-general-notes-about-design-systems/  
 
  

## Multi-Line Inline Gradient  
https://css-tricks.com/multi-line-inline-gradient/  
 
  

## Background Sync with Service Workers  
https://davidwalsh.name/background-sync  
 
  

## Learn modern javascript in 10 simple ways  
https://blog.usejournal.com/10-fun-things-to-do-in-javascript-6fea173d2199  
 
  

## Artificial Intelligence in JavaScript with TensorFlow.js  
https://www.javascriptjanuary.com/blog/artificial-intelligence-in-javascript-with-tensorflowjs  
 
  

## When to use var vs let vs const in JavaScript  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/var-vs-let-vs-const-in-javascript-2954ae48c037  
 
  

## These are the features in ES6 that you should know  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/these-are-the-features-in-es6-that-you-should-know-1411194c71cb  
 
  

## Seven reasons to learn Vue.js in 2019  
https://medium.com/vue-curious/seven-reasons-to-learn-vue-js-in-2019-fd38c98a4a63  
 
  

## Website with blog and portfolio using Vue.js + Nuxt + Markdown  
https://marinaaisa.com/blog/blog-using-vue-nuxt-markdown/  
 
  

## Storing and Using the Last Known Route in Vue  
https://css-tricks.com/storing-and-using-the-last-known-route-in-vue/  
 
  

## Including Markdown Content in a Vue or Nuxt SPA  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2018/12/31/vue-nuxt-spa-markdown/  
 
  

## Vue.js best practices ✓  
https://medium.com/@riccardopolacci/vue-js-best-practices-c5da8d7af48d  
. A summary of VueJs best practices and style guides! 
  

## Hooper: Vue.js carousal component   
https://baianat.github.io/hooper/getting-started.html#installation  
 
  

## D3.js and Vue.JS  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/d3-js-and-vue-js-7a6a721eb79f  
 
  

## Use React.lazy and Suspense to Code-Split Your App  
https://hswolff.com/blog/react-lazy-and-suspense/  
 
  

## 3 Essential Tools to Boost your React App’s SEO  
https://medium.com/@prestonwallace/3-ways-improve-react-seo-without-isomorphic-app-a6354595e400  
 
  

## Recursive paths with React Router  
https://tylermcginnis.com/react-router-recursive-paths/  
 
  

## Create Your First Custom Angular CLI Schematic with Nx  
https://auth0.com/blog/create-custom-schematics-with-nx/  
 
  

## Progressive Web Application using Angular and Google APIs  
https://medium.com/@prashanth17.naik/progressive-web-application-using-angular-and-google-apis-e746a41128cb  
 
  

## FBT  
https://facebookincubator.github.io/fbt/  
— a framework for internationalizing user interfaces 
  

