## Accessible CSS Generated Content  
https://yatil.net/blog/accessible-css-generated-content  
Derrick Hughes ` yatil.net`
  

## Uber Clone Scripts : Build Your Custom Taxi App Solution In 2019  
https://hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com/post/186299156718/uber-clone-scripts-to-build-your-own-custom-taxi  
 ` hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com`
  

## SAP CRM Users Email Database and Contact Lists.  
http://www.emaildatasupply.com/technology/SAP-CRM-Users-Email-List.html  
 ` www.emaildatasupply.com`
  

## Tips to Setup React Native Development Environment in Windows  
https://cutt.ly/WD7vGe  
 ` cutt.ly`
  

## ‚ö°Introducing ‚ÄúQuark‚Äù ‚Äî A Software sketchbook for your node projects üéâ  
https://quarkjs.io/  
 ` quarkjs.io`
  

## Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Identity & Access Management  
https://www.ai-techservices.com/ai-identity-access-management  
 ` www.ai-techservices.com`
  

## Best Transportation Startup Blogs of 2019  
http://eww.strikingly.com/blog/best-transportation-startup  
 ` eww.strikingly.com`
  

## Generate Images Using React, Vue, Angular  
https://medium.com/@micheleriva/generate-images-using-react-vue-angular-765525b45f28  
Miiitch ` medium.com`
  

## Node.js TypeScript #15. Benefits of the HTTP/2 protocol  
https://wanago.io/2019/07/15/node-js-typescript-benefits-http2-protocol/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Uber for X - Uber like App for On Demand Services  
https://dribbble.com/shots/6785255-Uber-for-X-Uber-like-App-for-On-Demand-Services  
 ` dribbble.com`
  

## Makent - Airbnb Clone  
https://www.trioangle.com/airbnb-clone/  
 ` www.trioangle.com`
  

## Start Your Entrepreneurial Journey With Various Rental Business Ideas  
https://trioangle.com/blog/start-your-entrepreneurial-journey-with-various-rental-business-ideas/  
 ` trioangle.com`
  

## Top 5 Cross Platform Mobile App Development Tools to Use in 2019  
https://aglowiditsolutions.com/blog/top-cross-platform-mobile-development-tools/  
 ` aglowiditsolutions.com`
  

## Google India - Interview Question  
https://medium.com/@ideepak.jsd/google-india-phone-call-interview-question-software-developer-5a164e97ddeb  
 ` medium.com`
  

## WebGL month. Day 15. Rendering a 3D cube  
https://dev.to/lesnitsky/webgl-month-day-15-rendering-a-3d-cube-190f  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 87  
https://webkit.org/blog/9414/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-87/  
Nicolas G√©roux ` webkit.org`
  

## Everything You Need To Know About CSS Margins  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/07/margins-in-css/  
Petra Jostad ` www.smashingmagazine.com`
  

## Growing JavaScript Skills with WordPress  
https://gziolo.pl/2019/07/15/growing-javascript-skills-with-wordpress/  
 ` gziolo.pl`
  

## Node.js 12: The future of server-side JavaScript  
https://blog.logrocket.com/node-js-12/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Moveable is Draggable! Resizable! Scalable! Rotatable!  
https://github.com/daybrush/moveable  
 ` github.com`
  

## Building a Reusable React Login Component  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/building-a-reusable-react-login-component-cc824164ff36  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

