## Announcing TypeScript 3.5 RC  
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-3-5-rc/  
Vinay Dabral ` devblogs.microsoft.com`
  

## BlurPage: A browser extension to hide sensitive information on a webpage  
https://blur.page/  
 ` blur.page`
  

## Node.js TypeScript #14. Measuring processes & worker threads with Performance Hooks  
https://wanago.io/2019/05/20/node-js-typescript-14-performance-hooks/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## JS Monday 14 – ES6 Destructuring Assignment  
https://medium.com/openmindonline/js-monday-14-destructuring-assignment-934018a6e04d  
Miiitch ` medium.com`
  

## Multiple inheritance in TypeScript with code completion  
https://github.com/fasttime/polytype  
 ` github.com`
  

## Build a Game With JavaScript Tutorial - SDK SOFT  
https://sdksoft.eu/build-a-game-with-javascript-tutorial/  
 ` sdksoft.eu`
  

## Embedded JavaScript: applications or games in a PDF – is that possible?  
https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/bqv7vv/embedded_javascript_applications_or_games_in_a/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x  
 ` www.reddit.com`
  

## Creating an accessible language picker  
https://codyhouse.co/blog/post/accessible-language-picker  
Sebastiano Guerriero ` codyhouse.co`
  

## RSS Search Engine - like google but for RSS  
https://search.feedi.me/?q=space&page=1  
 ` search.feedi.me`
  

## TypeScript - The Top Programming Language to Learn in 2019  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/top-programming-languages-to-learn-in-2019-e1cad7ced3fb?source=friends_link&sk=7cee57b4203d1dba9622c78fe7c5e205  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Why you should render React on the server side  
https://blog.logrocket.com/why-you-should-render-react-on-the-server-side-a50507163b79  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Build a Tic Tac Toe App with TypeScript, React and Mocha  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/build-a-tic-tac-toe-game-with-typescript-react-and-mocha-ce6f1e74c996  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Take Part in this Year’s Front-End Tooling Survey  
https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/3DG5CSR  
Ashley Nolan ` www.surveymonkey.co.uk`
  

## Angular Directives and AfterViewInit  
https://www.prestonlamb.com/blog/angular-directives-after-view-init  
 ` www.prestonlamb.com`
  

## Node.js file streams explained!  
https://areknawo.com/node-js-file-streams-explained/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## 3 steps to add a custom domain for GitHub pages for your angular website  
https://uxworks.online/3-steps-to-add-a-custom-domain-for-github-pages-for-your-angular-website/  
 ` uxworks.online`
  

## Multi-Select Checkboxes with React  
https://tj.ie/multi-select-checkboxes-with-react/  
T.J. Fogarty ` tj.ie`
  

## three.js scaffold is now available on Koji with hot reloading and PWA compliance.  
https://gokoji.com/templates/691a9ead-070b-487b-b7ab-59240b3ba141  
 ` gokoji.com`
  

## The Basics of JavaScript Generators  
https://medium.com/p/the-basics-of-javascript-generators-f89c9b0e8d72  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Flexible data tables with CSS Grid  
https://adamlynch.com/flexible-data-tables-with-css-grid/  
Derrick Hughes ` adamlynch.com`
  

