## Angular JS chat tutorial: Anonymous group chat  
https://www.cometchat.com/tutorials/build-an-anonymous-group-chat-with-angular-7/  
 ` www.cometchat.com`
  

## Licia: Useful Utility Collection with Zero Dependencies:)  
https://licia.liriliri.io/  
 ` licia.liriliri.io`
  

## Node.js TypeScript #12. Introduction to Worker Threads with TypeScript  
https://wanago.io/2019/05/06/node-js-typescript-12-worker-threads/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Build a Modern Chat Application with React  
https://www.cometchat.com/tutorials/build-a-modern-chat-application-with-react/  
 ` www.cometchat.com`
  

## JS Monday 12 â€“ Building a GraphQL Server  
https://medium.com/openmindonline/js-monday-12-building-a-graphql-server-c8741684f203  
Miiitch ` medium.com`
  

## Build a chat app with Ruby on rails  
https://www.cometchat.com/tutorials/add-chat-to-your-ruby-on-rails-app/  
 ` www.cometchat.com`
  

## Keep these things mind and build best iOS apps  
https://news.risingstack.com/news/1262  
 ` news.risingstack.com`
  

## Webpack From Zero to Hero - Chapter 2: Tidying Up Webpack  
https://tech.olx.com/webpack-from-zero-to-hero-1e02cb42ab7b  
 ` tech.olx.com`
  

## A Multisite application with Angular Universal  
https://medium.com/@marcozuccaroli/a-multisite-application-with-angular-universal-90dbffaf9b13  
 ` medium.com`
  

## A Multilanguage application with Angular Universal  
https://medium.com/@marcozuccaroli/a-multilanguage-application-with-angular-universal-6e5fe4c2d81c  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Express server for an Angular application part 2: serve files from a bucket  
https://medium.com/@marcozuccaroli/express-server-for-an-angular-application-part-2-serve-files-from-a-bucket-ae14d23e7cde  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Express server for an Angular application part 1: getting started  
https://medium.com/@marcozuccaroli/express-server-for-an-angular-application-part-1-getting-started-2cd27de691bd  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Getting started with Create React App  
https://blog.logrocket.com/getting-started-with-create-react-app-d93147444a27  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## The Console Log: Facebook Rewrite, Javascript Changes, and The Death of IE6  
https://theconsolelog.com/episode/76  
 ` theconsolelog.com`
  

## Introduction to GraphQL  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/introduction-to-graphql-2bede313f8e0  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Building MongoDB Dashboard using Node.js  
https://cube.dev/blog/building-mongodb-dashboard-using-node.js  
 ` cube.dev`
  

## A Video Sharing Website with React/Node  
https://github.com/ThalKod/react_video_sharing  
 ` github.com`
  

## Hooks to fetch data in react.js! TS and SSR support! Check out new version  
https://github.com/marcin-piela/react-fetching-library  
 ` github.com`
  

## How Does JavaScript Really Work? (Part 1)  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/how-does-javascript-really-work-part-1-7681dd54a36d  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Angular features you didn't know existed  
https://blog.logrocket.com/new-angular-features-you-didnt-know-existed-7f292a6e7afc  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Angular - All Talks from ng-conf 2019  
https://nitayneeman.com/posts/all-talks-from-ng-conf-2019/  
 ` nitayneeman.com`
  

## Using the BEM methodology in Angular  
https://ritchiejacobs.be/using-bem-in-angular  
 ` ritchiejacobs.be`
  

## Styling HTML checkboxes is hard - here's why  
https://areknawo.com/styling-html-checkboxes-is-hard-heres-why/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## How to connect D3.js to relational databases using API  
https://www.slashdb.com/2018/02/15/howto-d3js/  
 ` www.slashdb.com`
  

