## Smart folder and file comparison tool built with ElectronJS  
https://github.com/madushadhanushka/differ  
 ` github.com`
  

## Codeigniter Ready Admin  
https://github.com/nkb-bd/ci_ready_admin/  
 ` github.com`
  

## Huge List of Alternatives to Google Adsense For Your Blog or Website  
https://coderrocketfuel.com/article/alternatives-to-google-adsense-for-your-blog-or-website  
 ` coderrocketfuel.com`
  

## A web application to view npm package files  
https://npmview.now.sh/  
 ` npmview.now.sh`
  

## What do they mean by memoized callbacks and what does useCallback actually do?  
https://lukaszmakuch.pl/post/usecallback  
 ` lukaszmakuch.pl`
  

## Translingual - Multilingual transliteration - Phonetic translation using transcription  
https://github.com/freaker2k7/translingual  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Real Dark Web  
https://www.sonniesedge.net/posts/real-dark-web/  
Andreas Krüger ` www.sonniesedge.net`
  

## I Used The Web For A Day On A 50 MB Budget  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/07/web-on-50mb-budget/  
Anton Fuchs ` www.smashingmagazine.com`
  

## Flexbox and padding  
https://www.chenhuijing.com/blog/flexbox-and-padding/#%F0%9F%9A%B2  
Nicolas Géroux ` www.chenhuijing.com`
  

## Perceptible - Detect visibility of DOM Elements  
https://github.com/anubhavsrivastava/perceptible  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to sync props to state properly in React Hooks  
https://learnwithparam.com/blog/how-to-pass-props-to-state-properly-in-react-hooks/  
Paramanantham ` learnwithparam.com`
  

## Ooops, I guess we’re full-stack developers now.  
https://full-stack.netlify.com/  
Justin Kidd ` full-stack.netlify.com`
  

## Get All of the Files in a Directory using NodeJS  
https://coderrocketfuel.com/article/get-all-of-the-files-in-a-directory-using-node-js  
 ` coderrocketfuel.com`
  

## Frontend Design, React, and a Bridge over the Great Divide  
http://bradfrost.com/blog/post/frontend-design-react-and-a-bridge-over-the-great-divide/  
Derrick Hughes ` bradfrost.com`
  

## Making a Realistic Glass Effect with SVG  
https://css-tricks.com/making-a-realistic-glass-effect-with-svg/  
Viktor Berezin ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Selenium WebDriver wrapper framework for clean and maintainable tests.  
https://github.com/WasiqB/coteafs-selenium  
 ` github.com`
  

## Calendario - A small calendar library for creating flexible calendars  
https://github.com/CalendarioFX/Calendario  
 ` github.com`
  

## Frontend in South Korea  
https://www.reddit.com/r/Frontend/comments/cldm4k/frontend_in_south_korea/  
 
  

## “#PerfMatters Conference 2019”  
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSmH2HL6l9pw47J-xWZSIH7HpEgqlGiXD  
 
  

## Making Instagram.com faster: Part 1  
https://instagram-engineering.com/making-instagram-com-faster-part-1-62cc0c327538  
 
  

## Accessibility Strategies for Your Content Team  
https://www.deque.com/blog/accessibility-strategies-for-your-content-team/  
 
  

## Truths about digital accessibility  
https://ericwbailey.design/writing/truths-about-digital-accessibility.html?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## Create custom keyboard accessible radio buttons  
https://www.a11ywithlindsey.com/blog/create-custom-keyboard-accessible-radio-buttons  
 
  

## Figuring out CSS animation properties with a magic kittencorn  
https://www.chenhuijing.com/blog/figuring-out-css-animation-with-magic-kittencorn/#%F0%9F%92%BB  
 
  

## Using CSS Custom attributes generated by JavaScript as a handover mechanism  
https://medium.com/@codepo8/using-css-custom-attributes-generated-by-javascript-as-a-handover-mechanism-d3ea09dab4db  
 
  

## 7 Top CSS Trends for 2019  
https://1stwebdesigner.com/7-top-css-trends-for-2019/  
 
  

## How much specificity do @rules have, like @keyframes and @media?  
https://css-tricks.com/how-much-specificity-do-rules-have-like-keyframes-and-media/  
 
  

## Flexbox and padding  
https://www.chenhuijing.com/blog/flexbox-and-padding/  
 
  

## CSS Theme Organization Best Practices  
https://medium.com/welldone-software/css-theme-organization-best-practices-a8e375d92c7c  
 
  

## Cheat sheet for moving from jQuery to vanilla JavaScript  
https://tobiasahlin.com/blog/move-from-jquery-to-vanilla-javascript/  
 
  

## Writing a Simple MVC App in Plain JavaScript  
https://www.taniarascia.com/javascript-mvc-todo-app/  
 
  

## Here’s How Not to Suck at JavaScript  
https://medium.com/better-programming/js-reliable-fdea261012ee  
 
  

## Svelte: first impressions  
https://www.erikostrom.com/code/words/svelte-first-impressions/  
 
  

## JavaScript Promises and Async/Await: As Fast As Possible™  
https://itnext.io/javascript-promises-and-async-await-as-fast-as-possible-d7c8c8ff0abc  
 
  

## React + Redux + Comlink = Off-main-thread  
https://dassur.ma/things/react-redux-comlink/  
 
  

## React <Animated /> Tutorial  
https://medium.com/@js_tut/react-animated-tutorial-7a46fa3c2b96  
 
  

## Fetching Data in React using React Async  
https://css-tricks.com/fetching-data-in-react-using-react-async/  
 
  

## Why React Hooks?  
https://tylermcginnis.com/why-react-hooks/  
 
  

## A Performant Solution for Replacing Redux with React Context and Hooks  
https://silvenon.com/blog/replacing-redux-with-context-and-hooks  
 
  

## Create your own image classifier with Angular and Tensorflow.js  
https://blog.angularindepth.com/create-your-own-image-classifier-with-angular-and-tensorflow-js-5b1bc2391424  
 
  

## Svelte for Angular Developers  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/svelte-for-angular-developers-34012b93420c  
 
  

## Creating Dynamic Routes in a Nuxt Application  
https://css-tricks.com/creating-dynamic-routes-in-a-nuxt-application/  
 
  

## Getting Started with Vuetify 2.0  
https://medium.com/vue-mastery/getting-started-with-vuetify-2-0-522ad3a55154  
 
  

## Ember 2019–2020 Roadmap  
https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/2018-2019-roadmap/text/000-2018-2019-roadmap.md  
 
  

## Ember Components Museum  
https://jenweber.github.io/the-ember-components-museum/versions/master/  
. Learn all the different ways to use components in Ember 3 
  

## Ember Component Cheat Sheet  
https://codingitwrong.com/2019/07/23/ember-component-cheat-sheet.html  
 
  

## New in Chrome 76  
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/07/nic76  
 
  

## Creating my logo animation  
https://www.cassie.codes/posts/creating-my-logo-animation/  
Jamie Nicholls ` www.cassie.codes`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #117 (29 July–4 August 2019)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-117-29-july-4-august-2019-f49712dbb991  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

