## Best Uber Alternatives in 2019  
https://www.pinterest.com/elliewindler/best-uber-alternatives/  
 ` www.pinterest.com`
  

## TypeScript projects for a bounty hunter  
https://issuehunt.io/issues?search=%252Blanguage%253ATypescript&page=1  
 ` issuehunt.io`
  

## B&B Trust  
https://bandbtrust.bg/en  
 ` bandbtrust.bg`
  

## AI Solutions for ERP & CRM  
https://www.ai-techservices.com/ai-erp-crm  
 ` www.ai-techservices.com`
  

## Tips And Tricks For Better JavaScript Conditionals  
https://devinduct.com/blogpost/35/tips-and-tricks-for-better-javascript-conditionals-and-match-criteria  
 ` devinduct.com`
  

## 11 Best Uber Alternatives in 2019  
http://www.yaamo.com/elliewinexc13/photovoom/14993  
 ` www.yaamo.com`
  

## Creating a simple drawing app using canvas. Saving and loading images  
https://wanago.io/2019/06/24/creating-a-simple-drawing-app-using-canvas-saving-and-loading-images/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Forget about component lifecycles and start thinking in effects with React  
https://sebastiandedeyne.com/forget-about-component-lifecycles-and-start-thinking-in-effects/  
Sebastian De Deyne ` sebastiandedeyne.com`
  

## Improve Performances using Memoization  
https://medium.com/openmindonline/improve-performances-using-memoization-b01963dd3624  
Miiitch ` medium.com`
  

## Confused by JavaScript's const? Me too!  
https://dev.to/remotesynth/confused-by-javascript-s-const-me-too-4dfo  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Best Apps like uber to make Money  
https://hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com/post/185812719393/best-apps-like-uber-to-make-money-uber  
 ` hannahgerstaecker.tumblr.com`
  

## Business applications of Convolutional Neural Networks  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/convolutional-neural-networks/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## 11 Best Apps Like Uber In 2019: Unique Uber Alternatives  
https://slides.com/excellentwebworld1/uber-alternatives#/  
 ` slides.com`
  

## The Future of Web Development  
https://hackernoon.com/the-future-of-web-development-8da936743d5c  
 ` hackernoon.com`
  

## Navigating React Native apps using React Navigation  
https://blog.logrocket.com/navigating-react-native-apps-using-react-navigation/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Devawesome: MovieSwiftUI is an application that uses the MovieDB API and is built with SwiftUI.  
https://devawesome.lusaxweb.net/projects/-Li9NOxgxNBI53BipSbq  
 ` devawesome.lusaxweb.net`
  

## Unleash the Power of the KendoReact DatePicker Component  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/powerful-react-datepicker-component-example  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Create a JavaScript Kinetic Typing Animation  
https://medium.com/@daybrush/create-a-javascript-kinetic-typing-animation-9ce0f37004a7  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Multithreading in Node.js  
https://github.com/yankouskia/hurried/blob/master/README.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## Uploading and Downloading Files: Streaming in Node.js  
https://jsao.io/2019/06/uploading-and-downloading-files-streaming-in-node-js/  
 ` jsao.io`
  

## Monastic Markdown-first web browser  
https://github.com/rognoni/monastic-browser  
 ` github.com`
  

## .map(), .reduce(), .filter() - my turn  
https://areknawo.com/map-reduce-filter-my-turn/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## In-Depth Look at How Events Propagate in JavaScript  
https://alligator.io/js/event-propagation-in-javascript/  
Seb ` alligator.io`
  

## Rocketsam - a CLI to create and deploy microservices in AWS  
https://github.com/nadav96/rocketsam  
 ` github.com`
  

## Understanding Node.js File System Module  
https://techshard.com/2019/06/24/understanding-node-js-file-system-module/  
 ` techshard.com`
  

