## Should you log the Express req object and external API responses?  
https://www.coreycleary.me/should-you-log-the-express-req-object-and-external-api-responses/  
 ` www.coreycleary.me`
  

## Ionic 4.1 and React: Navigation  
https://alligator.io/ionic/ionic-4-react-navigation/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

## Googol Game or "You should learn when to quit!" - A JavaScript game.  
https://github.com/victorqribeiro/googol  
 ` github.com`
  

## Artificial Intelligence Development Company  
https://www.ai-techservices.com/artificial-intelligence-development-company  
 ` www.ai-techservices.com`
  

## How To Make Money From Online Taxi Booking Startup?  
https://growthhackers.com/articles/how-to-make-money-from-online-taxi-booking-startup  
 ` growthhackers.com`
  

## GraphQL wrapper around giphy's rest API  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31145  
 
  

## How to Monetize Your Mobile App: Best Choice for Successful Startups  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/how-to-monetize-your-mobile-app/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## What is TAO?  
https://www.quora.com/What-is-TAO-Tokenized-Asset-Offering/answer/Security-Tokenzier  
 ` www.quora.com`
  

## End-To-End Security Token Offering Solution Provider  
https://www.securitytokenizer.io/  
 ` www.securitytokenizer.io`
  

## My approach to documenting javascript projects  
https://softwarebrothers.co/blog/my-approach-to-documenting-javascript-projects/  
 ` softwarebrothers.co`
  

## React custom hook. use-enhanced-reducer  
https://github.com/pret-a-porter/use-enhanced-reducer  
 ` github.com`
  

## 12 JavaScript Tricks You Won’t Find in Most Tutorials  
https://medium.com/@bretcameron/12-javascript-tricks-you-wont-find-in-most-tutorials-a9c9331f169d  
Francesco Nucci ` medium.com`
  

## Pro Node.js tips (for those new to node)  
https://blog.logrocket.com/pro-node-js-tips-378a1f86a896  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Learn TypeScript #6, Advanced Classes  
http://manwithcode.com/617/learn-typescript-6-advanced-classes/  
 ` manwithcode.com`
  

## Responsible JavaScript: Part I  
https://alistapart.com/article/responsible-javascript-part-1  
Derrick Hughes ` alistapart.com`
  

## React Native 0.59 released with hooks  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31154  
 
  

## Online shop prototype (front end) implemented using React.  
https://github.com/giorgi-m/online-shop  
 ` github.com`
  

## Mithril-Leaflet: a map component, based on leaflet, for the Mithril framework by Erik Vullings  
https://github.com/erikvullings/mithril-leaflet  
 ` github.com`
  

## Mithril-hooks: React hooks api for MithrilJs by ArthurClemens  
https://github.com/ArthurClemens/mithril-hooks  
 ` github.com`
  

## Super easy physics sandbox tutorial  
http://slicker.me/javascript/physics_sandbox.htm  
 ` slicker.me`
  

## Mithril Starter Kit  
https://github.com/dhinesh03/mithril-starter-kit  
 ` github.com`
  

## What Makes a Good UI/UX Design: Common Mistakes and Solutions  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/what-makes-a-good-ui-ux-design/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## JSCasts ep9 - Deploying Node.js app with shipit.js to ubuntu server  
https://youtu.be/8PpBySjkWEM  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## Creating powerful yet simple Markov Chains in JavaScript  
https://github.com/Edwin-Pratt/js-markov  
 ` github.com`
  

## Mockingoose is now in TypeScript  
https://github.com/alonronin/mockingoose/releases/tag/v2.13.0  
 ` github.com`
  

## Typescript introduction(ⅠI)  
https://github.com/n0ruSh/blogs/issues/19  
 ` github.com`
  

## A Deep Dive into Angular's NgOnDestroy  
https://dev.to/wesgrimes/making-upgrades-to-angular-ngondestroy-376a  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Minimal Portfolio Built by developer for Developers  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31168  
 
  

## Webpack upgrade from 3 to 4  
https://medium.com/@sujankanwar/webpack-upgrade-from-3-to-4-687c6076c285  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Babel.js 7.4 comes with upgrades: TypeScript 3.4, core-js @ 3 and more  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31170  
 
  

## Vue.js and D3: A Chart Waiting To Happen  
https://medium.com/@simonwuyts/vue-js-and-d3-a-chart-waiting-to-happen-e3ac92b00868  
Simon Wuyts ` medium.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 78  
https://webkit.org/blog/8676/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-78/  
Ryan van Rooi ` webkit.org`
  

## JavaScript Awesome Tips from ES5 to ES10 (Portuguese version)  
https://leanpub.com/javascript-dicas-incriveis  
 ` leanpub.com`
  

## JavaScript Awesome Tips from ES5 to ES10  
https://leanpub.com/javascript-awesome-tips?discount=1  
 ` leanpub.com`
  

## JavaScript Awesome Tips from ES5 to ES10 (Russian version)  
https://leanpub.com/javascript-awesome-tips-russian  
 ` leanpub.com`
  

## A concise design that completely changed Redux  
https://medium.com/@unadlib/a-concise-design-that-completely-changed-redux-e95d6b76bd8b  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Outsource Web Development Wisely  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31175  
 
  

## Make web page content editable live in JavaScript  
https://www.codespeedy.com/make-web-page-content-editable-live-in-javascript/  
 ` www.codespeedy.com`
  

## Google makes emails more dynamic with AMP for Email  
https://techcrunch.com/2019/03/26/google-makes-emails-more-dynamic-with-amp-for-email/  
 
  

## What’s new on iOS 12.2 for Progressive Web Apps  
https://medium.com/@firt/whats-new-on-ios-12-2-for-progressive-web-apps-75c348f8e945  
 
  

## Reasons Web Components are perfect for a big company.  
https://medium.com/@sergicontre/reasons-web-components-are-perfect-for-a-big-company-28790d712ad5  
 
  

## A practical guide to learning front end development for beginners  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-practical-guide-to-learning-front-end-development-for-beginners-da6516505e41  
 
  

## Stop using so many divs! An intro to semantic HTML  
https://dev.to/kenbellows/stop-using-so-many-divs-an-intro-to-semantic-html-3i9i  
 
  

## How to publish packages to npm (the way the industry does things)  
https://zellwk.com/blog/publish-to-npm/  
 
  

## majestic: Zero config GUI for Jest  
https://github.com/Raathigesh/majestic/  
 
  

## A Guide to CSS counter  
https://medium.com/@samanthaming/a-guide-to-css-counter-8e80039ac547  
 
  

## How to Keep Your CSS Grid Layouts Accessible  
https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/articles/a-guide-to-css-grid-and-accessibility--cms-32857  
 
  

## CSS Houdini Could Change the Way We Write and Manage CSS  
https://css-tricks.com/css-houdini-could-change-the-way-we-write-and-manage-css/  
 
  

## Breaking CSS Custom Properties out of :root Might Be a Good Idea  
https://css-tricks.com/breaking-css-custom-properties-out-of-root-might-be-a-good-idea/  
 
  

## 14 of the best JavaScript APIs  
https://www.creativebloq.com/features/best-javascript-apis  
 
  

## Build a Decentralized Web Chat in 15 Minutes  
https://davidwalsh.name/build-a-decentralized-web-chat-in-15-minutes  
 
  

## Implementing Quicksort in JavaScript  
https://medium.com/predict/implementing-quicksort-in-javascript-1874569ffaea  
 
  

## Beyond Create React App: React Router, Redux Saga, and More  
https://auth0.com/blog/beyond-create-react-app-react-router-redux-saga-and-more/  
 
  

## Creating A Social Follow Component in React  
https://scotch.io/tutorials/creating-a-social-follow-component-in-react  
 
  

## A React-based Web video player  
https://github.com/zhihu/griffith  
 
  

## Creating a Reusable Pagination Component in Vue  
https://css-tricks.com/creating-a-reusable-pagination-component-in-vue/  
 
  

## So What’s New in Vue CLI 3.0?  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/so-whats-new-in-vue-cli-3-0-fbefe7a13956  
 
  

## Your Angular app as Progressive Web App  
https://medium.com/dev-jam/your-angular-app-as-progressive-web-app-e481043acf65  
 
  

## Building a Food Store using Redux and Angular  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/building-a-food-store-using-redux-and-angular  
 
  

## The top benefits of using Angular for your project  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-top-benefits-of-using-angular-for-your-project-ad54090df85c  
 
  

## Recommended VS Code Extensions for Angular Developers  
https://johnpapa.net/rec-ng-extensions/  
 
  

## eslint-plugin-unicorn: various awesome ESLint rules  
https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn  
 
  

## Streamline Code Reviews with ESLint + Prettier  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/streamline-code-reviews-with-eslint-prettier-6fb817a6b51d  
 
  

## Cube.js — Open Source Analytics Framework  
https://github.com/statsbotco/cube.js  
 
  

## Enforcing Accessibility Best Practices with Automatically-Generated IDs  
http://bradfrost.com/blog/post/enforcing-accessibility-best-practices-with-automatically-generated-ids/  
Justin Kidd ` bradfrost.com`
  

