## Kotlin for Android Developers: Top 7 Android Apps Written In Kotlin You Should Know  
http://soo.gd/GTm3  
 ` soo.gd`
  

## Table component that implements both large table virtualization and tree tables  
https://medium.com/@simonguo/the-only-table-component-in-the-open-source-ui-library-that-implements-both-large-table-35b92a8c3941  
 ` medium.com`
  

## The power of backreference in javascript regular expression  
https://codedam.com/the-power-of-backreference-in-javascript-regular-expression/  
 ` codedam.com`
  

## What are the hottest startups in Los Angeles?  
https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-hottest-startups-in-Los-Angeles  
 ` www.quora.com`
  

## Making Simple Bubble Screensaver using p5.js  
http://onecompileman.com/blogs/1  
 ` onecompileman.com`
  

## Solving Code Wars Problem in Javascript (ES6) [7th Kyu]  
http://onecompileman.com/blogs/3  
 ` onecompileman.com`
  

## Back to 980px GitHub dashboard  
https://github.com/antonreshetov/980-github-dashboard  
 ` github.com`
  

## Flexbox Ninja – demos of some flexbox layouts  
https://flexbox.ninja/  
Stephanie Walter ` flexbox.ninja`
  

## Evolving technology and new channels help more game developers make money  
https://www.developereconomics.com/game-developers-make-money  
 ` www.developereconomics.com`
  

## Json2GraphQL – From a JSON file to Postgres-backed realtime GraphQL  
https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/tree/master/community/tools/json2graphql  
 ` github.com`
  

## a webpack plugin to render the vue component to static html  
https://github.com/JustClear/webpack-plugin-vue-to-html  
 ` github.com`
  

## Sherlock : Search for usernames across websites  
https://github.com/abhijithvijayan/sherlock  
 ` github.com`
  

## Kutt.it URL Shortener Browser Extensions  
https://github.com/abhijithvijayan/kutt-extension  
 ` github.com`
  

## Why You Should Learn TypeScript  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/why-you-should-learn-typescript  
 ` www.telerik.com`
  

## Faqtor: promise-based task runner -- simple to build, simple to extend  
https://github.com/faqtor/faqtor  
 ` github.com`
  

## Firefox DevTools for CSS authors  
https://blog.logrocket.com/firefox-devtools-for-css-authors-1511f41d1e3  
Ed Piles ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Building an AOT Friendly Dynamic Content Outlet in Angular  
https://itnext.io/building-an-aot-friendly-dynamic-content-outlet-in-angular-c2790195cb94  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## npm visualized  
https://anvaka.github.io/pm/#/galaxy/npm  
 ` anvaka.github.io`
  

## Create a Reusable OAuth React Component with Oauth.io and Bit  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/create-a-reusable-oauth-react-component-with-oauth-io-and-bit-72cd2d6dbee7  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Simple, responsive, modular CSS framework for your frontend job  
http://habibhadi.com/lab/roolith/  
 ` habibhadi.com`
  

## Async JavaScript basics revise  
https://areknawo.com/async-javascript-basics-revise/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## End-to-End Testing with Cypress and Auth0  
https://auth0.com/blog/end-to-end-testing-with-cypress-and-auth0/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=testing_cypress  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## Create the James Bond Introduction in CSS and React  
https://codedaily.io/tutorials/71/Create-the-James-Bond-Introduction-in-CSS-and-React  
 ` codedaily.io`
  

## End-to-End Testing with Cypress and Auth0  
https://auth0.com/blog/end-to-end-testing-with-cypress-and-auth0/?utm_source=frontendfront&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=testing_cypress  
Ramiro ` auth0.com`
  

