## How to ignore files in your npm package  
https://zellwk.com/blog/ignoring-files-from-npm-package/  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## Mobile App Clone Scripts And Mobile App Source Codes  
https://about.me/apurple  
 ` about.me`
  

## jQuery 3.4 is here: On the way to v4?  
https://medium.com/@admin_66144/jquery-3-4-is-here-on-the-way-to-v4-f03230f37c54  
 ` medium.com`
  

## forEach or not to forEach  
http://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/foreach-or-not-to-foreach  
 ` krasimirtsonev.com`
  

## How to Build an Instant Messaging App like Whatsapp?  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/cost-to-develop-messaging-app-like-whatsapp/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## How to create an MVP (Minimum Viable Product): your Step-by-Step Guide  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/how-to-build-a-mvp/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## Introducing new version of RentALL - Online marketplace software  
https://www.rentallscript.com/airbnb-clone-script-1-8-0/  
 ` www.rentallscript.com`
  

## jQuery 3.4 is here: On the way to v4?  
http://www.echojs.com/news/31394  
 
  

## Web Components will replace your frontend framework  
https://blog.usejournal.com/web-components-will-replace-your-frontend-framework-3b17a580831c  
 ` blog.usejournal.com`
  

## How to Outsource App Development  
https://theappsolutions.com/blog/development/outsourcing-app-dev/  
 ` theappsolutions.com`
  

## Build Your Best Food Delivery App Like UberEats  
https://www.playbuzz.com/aphezt10/build-your-best-food-delivery-app-like-ubereats  
 ` www.playbuzz.com`
  

## 5 must-read (free) JavaScript tutorials  
https://blog.logrocket.com/5-must-read-javascript-tutorials-2631123543f6  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Get a CSS Custom Property value with JavaScript  
https://andy-bell.design/wrote/get-css-custom-property-value-with-javascript/  
Marcin Borowski ` andy-bell.design`
  

## Come utilizzare Babel (Italian)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bb2sbUTod0  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## As a developer I often use ssh to run commands on the server, so why not automate the process.  
https://niradler.com/introduction-remote-deployer/  
 ` niradler.com`
  

## Tutorial: How to Build a Web Application using ASP.NET Core and Angular  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/tutorial-how-to-build-a-web-application-using-asp-net-core-and-angular-80ba0d546e42  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Taruhan Bonus  
http://taruhanbous.com/  
 ` taruhanbous.com`
  

## leaflet - open source social media platform  
https://github.com/DivySrivastava/leaflet  
 ` github.com`
  

## Litemint 1.2 - Open Source Stellar wallet w/ DEX Trading  
https://github.com/litemint/litemint  
 ` github.com`
  

## Tired of writing those migration file over and over? (mongodb)  
https://github.com/niradler/mongo-playground  
 ` github.com`
  

## Easy declarative logging in JS  
https://itnext.io/nodejs-logging-made-easy-366425abfa21  
 ` itnext.io`
  

## WebSocket Integration With Angularjs  
https://www.js-tutorials.com/angularjs-tutorial/websocket-integration-with-angularjs/  
 ` www.js-tutorials.com`
  

## How To Implement Localization in Laravel 5.8  
https://www.phpflow.com/php/how-to-implement-localization-in-laravel-5-8/  
 ` www.phpflow.com`
  

## Sassyfication: A sass library to shorten your sass amount  
https://github.com/Simonwep/sassyfication  
 ` github.com`
  

## Why Should Developer Pick Ionic Framework  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/ionic-app-development-7-reasons-to-start/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## CSS Grid: Style Guide  
https://codepen.io/oliviale/full/mgWjpq  
Justin Kidd ` codepen.io`
  

## How to build a large Vue application  
https://medium.com/@unadlib/how-to-build-a-large-vue-application-3afa2aad4402  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Front-end Developer Handbook 2019  
https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019/#1  
 ` frontendmasters.com`
  

## JavaScript (ES2015+) Enlightenment  
https://frontendmasters.com/books/javascript-enlightenment/  
 ` frontendmasters.com`
  

## Simple Marketo API Example Using Python  
https://www.restapiexample.com/build-rest-api/simple-marketo-api-example-using-python/  
 ` www.restapiexample.com`
  

## Front-end Developer Handbook 2019  
https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019/  
 
  

## Inline SVG… Cached  
https://css-tricks.com/inline-svg-cached/  
 
  

## mobile input types  
http://mobileinputtypes.com/  
 
  

## Javascript vs. CSS — More control means more responsibility  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HuJoPIeyQo  
 
  

## Using the Web Speech API for Multilingual Translations  
https://css-tricks.com/using-the-web-speech-api-for-multilingual-translations/  
 
  

## Don’t trust the locals: investigating the prevalence of persistent client-side cross-site scripting in the wild  
https://blog.acolyer.org/2019/04/10/dont-trust-the-locals-investigating-the-prevalence-of-persistent-client-side-cross-site-scripting-in-the-wild/  
 
  

## Native lazy loading and js-based fallback with vanilla-lazyload 12  
https://www.andreaverlicchi.eu/native-lazy-loading-with-vanilla-lazyload/  
 
  

## Google AMP lowered our page speed, and there’s no choice but to use it  
https://unlikekinds.com/article/google-amp-page-speed  
 
  

## How to get a 100 % Lighthouse performance score  
https://www.deleteagency.com/blog/how-to-get-a-100-percents-lighthouse-performance-score  
 
  

## Common accessibility issue: moving to a page section without shifting keyboard focus  
https://christianheilmann.com/2019/04/09/common-accessibility-issue-moving-to-a-page-section-without-shifting-keyboard-focus/  
 
  

## Top 5 Questions Asked in Accessibility Trainings  
https://www.deque.com/blog/top-5-questions-asked-in-accessibility-trainings/  
 
  

## How to Create a Sticky Image Effect with Three.js  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/04/10/how-to-create-a-sticky-image-effect-with-three-js/  
 
  

## Pulling Apart SVGs with Reusable WebGL Components Using React-three-fiber  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/04/12/pulling-apart-svgs-with-reusable-webgl-components-using-react-three-fiber/  
 
  

## It’s 2019! Let’s End The Debate On Icon Fonts vs SVG Icons  
https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/its-2019-lets-end-the-debate-on-icon-fonts-vs-svg-icons/  
 
  

## A guide to understanding CSS Houdini with the help of cartoons  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-guide-to-understanding-css-houdini-with-the-help-of-cartoons-f40af2540093  
 
  

## CSSBattle Tips n’ tricks  
https://spectrum.chat/css-battle/general/tips-n-tricks~6034b7fa-d08b-463a-9720-decb5e2c0f5b  
 
  

## Follow these steps to become a CSS Superstar  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/follow-these-steps-to-become-a-css-superstar-837cd6cb9b1a  
 
  

## Art Direction For The Web Using CSS Shapes  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/04/art-direction-for-the-web-using-css-shapes/  
 
  

## Using a Mixin to Take the Math out of Responsive Font Sizes  
https://css-tricks.com/using-a-mixin-to-take-the-math-out-of-responsive-font-sizes/  
 
  

## QUIZ: Well aimed? How well do you know CSS selectors?  
https://codepen.io/pehaa/full/ROapJZ  
 
  

## sassyfication: library with sass mixins to speed up your css workflow.  
https://github.com/Simonwep/sassyfication#positiontop-right-bottom-left  
 
  

## jQuery 3.4.0 Released  
https://blog.jquery.com/2019/04/10/jquery-3-4-0-released/  
 
  

## The Chrome DevTools Sources Panel: Overrides vs FileSystem vs Snippets vs Page  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/the-chrome-devtools-sources-panel-overrides-filesystem-snippets-page  
 
  

## Five reasons why Web Components could complement JavaScript frameworks  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/could-web-components-actually-compliment-javascript-frameworks-5-reasons-why-i-think-so-971eee82ee85  
 
  

## Kyle Simpson: I’ve Forgotten More JavaScript Than Most People Ever Learn  
https://medium.com/@amsterdamjs/kyle-simpson-ive-forgotten-more-javascript-than-most-people-ever-learn-3bddc6c13e93  
 
  

## 31 most popular GitHub JS repositories in April’19  
https://itnext.io/31-most-popular-github-js-repositories-in-april19-b18ea6fec58b  
 
  

## Number Truncation in JavaScript  
https://medium.com/dailyjs/number-truncation-in-javascript-196c067b0d55  
 
  

## The Pitfalls of Async/Await in Array Loops  
https://medium.com/dailyjs/the-pitfalls-of-async-await-in-array-loops-cf9cf713bfeb  
 
  

## In Defense of the Ternary Statement  
https://css-tricks.com/in-defense-of-the-ternary-statement/  
 
  

## Why your company should start using Vue.js  
https://medium.com/@robewawebdesign/why-your-company-should-start-using-vue-js-6ac01969573  
 
  

## Introducing a new State-Management for Vue.js  
https://medium.com/js-dojo/introducing-a-new-state-management-for-vue-js-b85be00b3299  
 
  

## VueJs Amsterdam 2019 experience and talks summary (Part 2)  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/vuejs-amsterdam-2019-experience-and-talks-summary-part-2  
 
  

## Fetching Data from a Third-party API with Vue.js and Axios  
https://www.sitepoint.com/fetching-data-third-party-api-vue-axios/  
 
  

## Make your Vue.js web apps discoverable — JavaScript SEO  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Op8Q8bUAKNc&list=PLKoqnv2vTMUPOalM1zuWDP9OQl851WMM9&index=8  
 
  

## What I wish I knew when I started to work with React.js  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/what-i-wish-i-knew-when-i-started-to-work-with-react-js-3ba36107fd13  
 
  

## React95  
https://github.com/React95/React95  
— A React components library with Win95 UI 
  

## Styling Best Practices Using React  
https://medium.com/the-non-traditional-developer/styling-best-practices-using-react-c37b96b8be9c  
 
  

## The Best React Extension for VS Code  
https://scotch.io/tutorials/the-best-react-extension-for-vs-code  
 
  

## Overview of Popular CSS-in-JS Libraries for React  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/overview-of-popular-css-in-js-libraries-for-react  
 
  

## State Management with React Hooks — No Redux or Context API  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/state-management-with-react-hooks-no-redux-or-context-api-8b3035ceecf8  
 
  

## Angular Context: Easy Data-Binding for Nested Component Trees and the Router Outlet  
https://medium.com/@ozak/angular-context-easy-data-binding-for-nested-component-trees-and-the-router-outlet-a977efacd48  
 
  

## Angular CLI — Demystifying the workspace  
https://blog.nrwl.io/angular-cli-demystifying-the-workspace-7f59ffaab4cb  
 
  

## Advanced Angular: Implementing a Reusable Autocomplete Component  
https://netbasal.com/advanced-angular-implementing-a-reusable-autocomplete-component-9908c2f04f5  
 
  

## fkit: a functional programming toolkit for JavaScript  
https://github.com/nullobject/fkit  
 
  

## jQuery Terminal Emulator — web based terminal  
https://github.com/jcubic/jquery.terminal  
 
  

## Choices.js  
https://github.com/jshjohnson/Choices  
: a vanilla JS customizable select box/text input plugin 
  

## What to expect in the new Microsoft Edge Insider Channels  
https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2019/04/08/microsoft-edge-preview-channel-details/  
 
  

## Opera introduces Reborn 3, the first desktop browser with Web 3, faster VPN and ad blocker  
https://blogs.opera.com/desktop/2019/04/opera-60-reborn-3-web-3-0-vpn-ad-blocker/  
 
  

## Edge Goes Chromium: What Does it Mean for Front-End Developers?  
https://css-tricks.com/edge-goes-chromium-what-does-it-mean-for-front-end-developers/  
 
  

## Internet Cleaner bookmarketlet for GitHub  
https://github.com/404-html/internet-cleaner  
 ` github.com`
  

