## 500+ CSS Icons  
https://css.gg/  
Jamie Nicholls ` css.gg`
  

## JS based Polished Notes App with Github Flavored Markdown  
https://github.com/BoostIO/BoostNote.next  
 ` github.com`
  

## Updates in Angular 9  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/updates-in-angular9/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## Top JavaScript Maps API and Libraries  
https://medium.com/flatlogic/top-javascript-maps-api-and-libraries-162523cef967  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Introducing Squizzy: A totally serverless Kahoot clone powered by Sanity.io  
https://www.sanity.io/blog/introducing-squizzy-our-totally-serverless-kahoot-clone-powered-by-sanity-io  
 ` www.sanity.io`
  

## Node worker threads with shared array buffers and Rust WebAssembly  
https://blog.logrocket.com/node-worker-threads-shared-array-buffers-rust-webassembly/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## The State of JavaScript 2019  
https://2019.stateofjs.com/  
Alfredo Higuero ` 2019.stateofjs.com`
  

## Understanding positioning in CSS  
https://dev.to/huijing/understanding-positioning-in-css-7mn  
Eric Stafford ` dev.to`
  

## Introduction to CSS Counters  
https://alligator.io/css/css-counters/  
Seb ` alligator.io`
  

## A History of CSS Through Fifteen Years of 24 ways  
https://24ways.org/2019/a-history-of-css-through-15-years-of-24-ways/  
Marcin Borowski ` 24ways.org`
  

## Ember.js: Octane is here  
https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/12/20/octane-is-here.html  
 ` blog.emberjs.com`
  

## Understanding Semantic Commit Messages Using Git and Angular  
https://nitayneeman.com/posts/understanding-semantic-commit-messages-using-git-and-angular/  
 ` nitayneeman.com`
  

## moon-phase-widget - A sleek moon phase widget in Javascript  
https://github.com/g00dv1n/moon-phase-widget  
 ` github.com`
  

## Styled Components, Styled Systems and How They Work  
https://rangle.io/blog/styled-components-styled-systems-and-how-they-work/  
Viktor Berezin ` rangle.io`
  

## Run KMeans clustering algorithm in the browser  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@softnami/kmeans  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## A simplified way to create a portfolio using GatsbyJS  
https://github.com/christiandavid/gatsby-theme-byfolio  
 ` github.com`
  

## Introduction to GatsbyJS - a Slick PWA Generator  
https://owlypixel.com/gatsbyjs-introduction/  
 ` owlypixel.com`
  

## Vue.js Pro Lightbox - fancy, responsive slide gallery!  
https://dev.to/piotrzdziarski/vue-js-pro-lightbox-fancy-responsive-slide-gallery-26fh  
 ` dev.to`
  

## My Perfect 2020 Stack: A New Stack for a New Generation  
https://medium.com/better-programming/2020-002-my-perfect-2020-stack-43be78df37dd  
 
  

## How to Turn Your Website in a Progressive Web App (with code examples)  
https://www.c2experience.com/blog/how-to-turn-your-website-into-a-pwa-with-code-examples  
 
  

## Adding Dynamic And Async Functionality To JAMstack Sites  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/12/dynamic-async-functionality-jamsstack-websites/  
 
  

## Chris Coyier: Is Web Design Easier or Harder Than it was 10 Years Ago?  
https://css-tricks.com/is-web-design-easier-or-harder-than-it-was-10-years-ago/  
 
  

## The modern web is becoming an unusable, user-hostile wasteland  
https://omarabid.com/the-modern-web  
 
  

## Service Worker Development Best Practices  
https://love2dev.com/serviceworker/development-best-practices/  
 
  

## Scroll, Refraction and Shader Effects in Three.js and React  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/12/16/scroll-refraction-and-shader-effects-in-three-js-and-react/  
 
  

## Loading web pages fast on a $20 feature phone  
https://dev.to/addyosmani/loading-web-pages-fast-on-a-20-feature-phone-8h6  
 
  

## Bundling JavaScript for Performance: Best Practices  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/bundling-javascript-for-performance-best-practices/  
 
  

## Performance for Designers Part 1: Typography  
https://calibreapp.com/blog/performance-for-designers-typography  
 
  

## Dynamic, Date-Based Color with JavaScript, HSL, and CSS Variables  
https://v6.robweychert.com/blog/2019/12/dynamic-color-javascript-hsl/  
 
  

## <select> your poison  
https://www.24a11y.com/2019/select-your-poison/  
 
  

## Understanding positioning in CSS  
https://www.chenhuijing.com/blog/understanding-positioning-in-css/  
 
  

## 3 underused CSS features to learn for 2020  
https://bryanlrobinson.com/blog/three-underused-css-features-to-learn-for-2020/  
 
  

## Creating a Checkbox Like it’s 2020  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/creating-a-checkbox-like-its-2020  
 
  

## A Modern Typographic Scale  
https://24ways.org/2019/a-modern-typographic-scale/  
 
  

## Flexible Captioned Slanted Images  
https://24ways.org/2019/flexible-captioned-slanted-images/  
 
  

## RTL Styling 101 — An extensive guide on how to style for RTL in CSS  
https://www.rtlstyling.com/posts/rtl-styling/  
 
  

## Alignment In Flexbox. Auto margins  
https://codepen.io/melnik909/details/RwwOxOE?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## V8 release v8.0  
https://v8.dev/blog/v8-release-80  
 
  

## Looking into Svelte 3  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/looking-into-svelte-3-b3d0b43cd794  
 
  

## Threading the web with module workers  
https://web.dev/module-workers/  
 
  

## TypeScript Types Deep Dive — Part 2: The Absence of Value  
https://www.barbarianmeetscoding.com/blog/2019/12/21/typescript-types-deep-dive-part-ii  
 
  

## Looking at All 13 JavaScript Proxy Traps  
https://alligator.io/js/proxy-traps/  
 
  

## Five Interesting Ways to Use Array.reduce() (And One Boring Way)  
https://24ways.org/2019/five-interesting-ways-to-use-array-reduce/  
 
  

## Why Svelte won’t kill React  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/why-svelte-wont-kill-react-3cfdd940586a  
 
  

## A 10 Line React Accordion Using Native HTML Tags  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/a-10-line-react-accordion-using-native-html-tags-8217f4b0388c  
 
  

## Two Lessons I Learned From Making React Components  
https://css-tricks.com/two-lessons-i-learned-from-making-react-components/  
 
  

## How React Taught Me JavaScript  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/how-react-taught-me-javascript  
 
  

## Best Practices for Handling a Form With Multiple Inputs Using React Hooks  
https://medium.com/better-programming/best-practices-for-handling-a-form-with-multiple-inputs-using-react-hooks-a0abf9207284  
 
  

## How to Create a Serverless File-Management System With React  
https://www.newline.co/@frankzickert/how-to-create-a-serverless-file-management-system-with-react--c0de63b8  
 
  

## A Guide to Building a PWA in Angular 8  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/a-guide-to-building-a-pwa-in-angular-acea27ae708d  
 
  

## Angular 9.0.0 and Ivy improvements  
https://ionicframework.com/blog/angular-9-0-0-and-ivy-improvements/  
 
  

## Ember 3.15 “Octane” Released  
https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/12/20/ember-3-15-released.html  
 
  

## The most common Ember.js Octane mistakes and how to avoid them  
https://medium.com/ember-ish/the-most-common-ember-js-octane-mistakes-and-how-to-avoid-them-c6420e1b0423  
 
  

## Bringing clarity to templates through Ember Octane  
https://simplabs.com/blog/2019/12/20/clarity-in-templates/  
 
  

## Optimizing your App with EmberData: Part 1  
https://runspired.com/2019/12/15/optimizing-your-app-with-ember-data/  
, 
  

## , Part 2  
https://runspired.com/2019/12/18/optimizing-your-app-with-ember-data-part-2/  
 
  

## Alpine.js — A rugged, minimal framework for composing JavaScript behavior in your markup.  
https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine  
 
  

