## JavaScript Expert Check: Recent Developments at React, Angular, Vue.js  
https://medium.com/@frontnetcoin/javascript-expert-check-recent-developments-at-react-angular-vue-js-f9d490ffa2f4  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Node.js TypeScript #9. The Event Loop in Node.js  
https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/baptiz/nodejs_typescript_9_the_event_loop_in_nodejs  
 ` www.reddit.com`
  

## A web tool to generate youtube-like logo. Build with React.  
https://tools.waningflow.com/logo-generate  
 ` tools.waningflow.com`
  

## Which is best hybrid app framework?  
http://soo.gd/7zlP  
 ` soo.gd`
  

## JS Monday 08 – Reduce!  
https://medium.com/openmindonline/js-monday-08-reduce-eff9fac970b5  
Miiitch ` medium.com`
  

## Guide on the Educational App Creation  
https://2muchcoffee.com/blog/guide-on-the-educational-app-creation/  
 ` 2muchcoffee.com`
  

## Top Must Have Features In Your On-Demand Taxi Booking App  
http://b.hatena.ne.jp/entry?url=https%3A%2F%2Fyourstory.com%2Fmystory%2Ftop-must-have-features-in-your-on-demand-taxi-book-ppck5mb88l  
 ` b.hatena.ne.jp`
  

## What design tools get wrong  
https://kilianvalkhof.com/2019/design/what-design-tools-get-wrong/  
Kilian Valkhof ` kilianvalkhof.com`
  

## Build an Interactive Voice Response Menu using Node.js and Express  
https://www.nexmo.com/blog/2019/04/08/build-interactive-voice-response-node-express-javascritpt-dr/  
 ` www.nexmo.com`
  

## How to create clipped, blurred background images in CSS  
https://codyhouse.co/blog/post/how-to-clipped-blurred-background-images-in-css  
Sebastiano Guerriero ` codyhouse.co`
  

## When to use HTML5’s canvas  
https://blog.logrocket.com/when-to-use-html5s-canvas-ce992b100ee8  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Why I Chose Vue over React  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/why-i-chose-vue-over-react-f1507fa8e382  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Show EJS: A “hacky” multiplayer version of the AI experiment “Quick, Draw!”  
http://quickdraw-withfriends.herokuapp.com/  
 ` quickdraw-withfriends.herokuapp.com`
  

## Real-Time Interaction Between Maps with Socket.io and JavaScript  
https://developer.here.com/blog/real-time-interaction-between-maps-with-socket.io-and-javascript  
 ` developer.here.com`
  

## A boilerplate for modern front-end  
https://github.com/mantis-stack/mantis-starter  
 ` github.com`
  

## Rocking JS data structures!  
https://areknawo.com/rocking-js-data-structures/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## Getting Started with Angular PWAs -- Part 1  
https://www.prestonlamb.com/blog/getting-started-with-angular-pwas-part-1  
 ` www.prestonlamb.com`
  

## Introducing ZephJS  
https://gist.github.com/arei/8083a6270e704b830c68a2020f3e5e3e  
 ` gist.github.com`
  

## Node: generate stuff dynamically (components, services, etc...)  
https://npmjs.org/package/xtuff  
 ` npmjs.org`
  

## Color accessibility: tools and resources to help you design inclusive products  
https://stephaniewalter.design/blog/color-accessibility-tools-resources-to-design-inclusive-products/  
Stephanie Walter ` stephaniewalter.design`
  

