## Designing Your Site Like It’s 1998  
https://24ways.org/2018/designing-your-site-like-its-1998/  
 
  

## Designing your website like it’s 2018  
https://stuffandnonsense.co.uk/blog/designing-your-website-like-its-2018  
 
  

## Awesome Demos from 2018  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2018/12/27/awesome-demos-from-2018/  
 
  

## Getting started with web performance: 2019 beginner’s guide  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2018/getting-started-with-web-performance-2019-beginners-guide/  
 
  

## Improving the perceived performance of your web app  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2018/improving-perceived-performance-web-app/  
 
  

## Gradient Image Placeholders  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2018/gradient-image-placeholders/  
 
  

## Fiddly  
https://github.com/SaraVieira/fiddly  
— Create beautiful and simple HTML pages from your Readme.md files 
  

## webpack: From 0 to automated testing  
https://itnext.io/webpack-from-0-to-automated-testing-4634844d5c3c  
 
  

## Build a PWA in Just 10 Minutes  
https://www.kirupa.com/apps/build_a_pwa.htm  
 
  

## A Siri Shortcut to Generate PWA Icons and Web App Manifest  
https://bitsofco.de/a-siri-shortcut-to-generate-pwa-icons-and-web-app-manifest/  
 
  

## My Wish List for Progressive Web Apps in 2019  
https://medium.com/@firt/my-wish-list-for-progressive-web-apps-in-2019-ba2df2bb1f6f  
 
  

## Will PWAs Replace Native Mobile Apps?  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/12/pwa-native-mobile-apps/  
 
  

## An Initial Implementation of clip-path: path();  
https://css-tricks.com/an-initial-implementation-of-clip-path-path/  
 
  

## How to create an image gallery with CSS Grid  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-create-an-image-gallery-with-css-grid-e0f0fd666a5c  
 
  

## Common CSS Issues For Front-End Projects  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/12/common-css-issues-front-end-projects/  
 
  

## How to Add a User Stylesheet in Firefox  
https://davidwalsh.name/firefox-user-stylesheet  
 
  

## Taming Data with JavaScript  
https://alistapart.com/article/taming-data-with-javascript  
 
  

## How to Perform Web-Scraping using Node.js  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/https-blog-bitsrc-io-how-to-perform-web-scraping-using-node-js-5a96203cb7cb  
 
  

## React Hooks: What’s going to happen to my tests?  
https://blog.kentcdodds.com/react-hooks-whats-going-to-happen-to-my-tests-df4c2b4d67b7  
 
  

## How to customize your third party React components  
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-customize-your-third-party-react-components-e0afd88532c9  
 
  

## Revisiting React Testing in 2019  
https://codeburst.io/revisiting-react-testing-in-2019-ee72bb5346f4  
 
  

## React/Redux Interview Questions  
https://medium.com/@sepineda/react-redux-interview-questions-b7f6611823f  
 
  

## Controlling Web Audio With React and Redux Middleware  
https://itnext.io/controlling-web-audio-with-react-and-redux-middleware-39b1a4b0c2ba  
 
  

## How we upgraded a website with half a billion annual users to Angular 7 in less than a day  
https://medium.com/airfrance-klm/how-we-upgraded-a-website-with-half-a-billion-annual-users-to-angular-7-in-less-then-a-day-71de33a1108e  
 
  

## Having Fun with Mixins in Angular  
https://medium.com/@janker.christ/having-fun-with-mixins-in-angular-719f1ec83aeb  
 
  

## Angular quicklink Preloading Strategy   
https://blog.mgechev.com/2018/12/24/quicklink-angular-prefetching-preloading-strategy/  
 
  

## Angular Smart 404 Page  
https://blog.angularindepth.com/angular-smart-404-page-85a45b109fd8  
 
  

## How I do Vue in 2019: TypeScript and TSX  
https://medium.com/@lachlanmiller_52885/how-i-do-vue-in-2019-typescript-and-tsx-6b648a4decd3  
 
  

## How to Build BookSearch App using Vue.js and ElasticSearch  
https://medium.appbase.io/building-booksearch-application-using-vue-and-elasticsearch-a39615f4d6b3  
 
  

## Shortcuts JS   
https://shortcuts.fun/  
— Build Apple Shortcuts using JavaScript 
  

## netlify-shortener  
https://github.com/kentcdodds/netlify-shortener  
— Your own free URL shortener with Netlify 
  

## node-security  
https://github.com/matthaywardwebdesign/node-security  
— The easiest way to control what npm modules can access 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #89 (24–30 December 2018)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-89-24-30-december-2018-5cf1afcb9da  
frontender ` medium.com`
  

## Tell EJS: Goodbye 2018 and Echo JS  
http://www.echojs.com/news/29803  
 
  

## Javascript 2019: Are we at the beginning of a new era?  
https://frontnet.eu/javascript-2019-are-we-at-the-beginning-of-a-new-era/  
 ` frontnet.eu`
  

## TypeScript Express tutorial #5. MongoDB relationships between documents  
https://wanago.io/2018/12/31/mongodb-relationships-documents-typescript-express-tutorial-5/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Just another library with the sole purpose of wait for all promises to complete  
http://www.echojs.com/news/29809  
 
  

## A Guide to Test-Driven Development (TDD): Shorter Feedback Loop, Faster Workflow  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/a-guide-to-test-driven-development-tdd-shorter-feedback-loop-faster-workflow-ce5bd6b247c4  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Improve React Performance using Lazy Loading and Suspense  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/improve-react-performance-using-lazy-loading-and-suspense-933903171954  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Resetable JavaScript Generators  
https://medium.com/@anywhichway/resetable-javascript-generators-ae233db71779  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Performant Lists in React with react-window  
https://alligator.io/react/lists-with-react-window/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

