## Land Your Dream JavaScript Job with a Better Resume  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/land-your-dream-javascript-job-with-a-better-resume-beda92bcbed6  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Unexpected Lessons from 100% Test Coverage  
https://medium.com/@EyasSH/unexpected-lessons-from-100-test-coverage-eebeee211b7a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## 5 Famous Apps Built With React Native  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/5-famous-apps-built-with-react-native/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## Using React Hooks in Gatsby  
https://alligator.io/gatsbyjs/react-hooks-gatsby/  
Seb ` alligator.io`
  

## phpfiddle- Test PHP Online With Server  
https://wuschools.com/phpfiddle-test-php-online-with-server/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## Bookery - Manage your epubs and send it to your Amazon Kindle  
https://github.com/Patrick-Vogt/bookery  
 ` github.com`
  

## Bitwise calculator which calculate selected operations on binary and decimal, quickly without any click event.  
https://bitwise-calculator.netlify.com/  
 ` bitwise-calculator.netlify.com`
  

## Vuesax Framework for Vuejs You Already Have the New Version 4  
https://vuesax.com/  
 ` vuesax.com`
  

## Is Ruby On Rails Still Worth Learning In 2020?  
https://codersera.com/blog/ruby-on-rails-in-2020/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 99  
https://webkit.org/blog/9992/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-99/  
Nicolas GÃ©roux ` webkit.org`
  

## The Web in 2020: Extensibility and Interoperability  
https://css-tricks.com/the-web-in-2020-extensibility-and-interoperability/  
Petra Jostad ` css-tricks.com`
  

## The future of CSS features in 2020  
https://blog.logrocket.com/the-future-of-css-features-in-2020/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## My guiding principles after 9 of JavaScript development  
https://medium.com/@alexewerlof/my-guiding-principles-after-20-years-of-programming-a087dc55596c  
 ` medium.com`
  

## lunch picker bot  
https://github.com/yeukfei02/lunchPickerBot  
 ` github.com`
  

## My current favourite trick in Node.js  
https://nagyadam2092.blogspot.com/2020/01/my-current-favourite-trick-in-nodejs.html  
 ` nagyadam2092.blogspot.com`
  

## The UI Development Mentoring Program  
https://dev.to/starbist/the-ui-development-mentoring-program-3681  
Star ` dev.to`
  

## Future-Proof Your Design System with StencilJS  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/future-proof-your-design-system-with-stenciljs-b09a48656512  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Space animation whith webgl  
https://codepen.io/Bugagaga/full/dyPagOW  
 ` codepen.io`
  

## The ultimate guide to iframes  
https://blog.logrocket.com/the-ultimate-guide-to-iframes/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Story behind Micro Frontends in Sabre  
https://medium.com/@elastofragmentoplast/story-behind-micro-frontends-in-sabre-9c776861433d  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Rolling Range Slider  
https://codepen.io/pwambach/pen/MWWNaJO  
Jamie Nicholls ` codepen.io`
  

