## React Native Paper Form Builder - Automate your forms  
https://github.com/fateh999/react-native-paper-form-builder  
 ` github.com`
  

## A Flutter package for accessing the Google Fonts API  
https://flutterawesome.com/a-flutter-package-for-accessing-the-google-fonts-api/  
The google_fonts package for Flutter allows you to easily use any of the 977 fonts (and their variants) from fonts.google.com in your Flutter app. ` Flutter Awesome : Wed, 18 Mar 2020 00:13:13 GMT`
  

## Unofficial Turkish Dictionary app of TDK developing with Flutter  
https://flutterawesome.com/unofficial-turkish-dictionary-app-of-tdk-developing-with-flutter/  
Unofficial Turkish Dictionary app of TDK (Turkish Language Association) developing with Flutter. ` Flutter Awesome : Wed, 18 Mar 2020 00:13:04 GMT`
  

## Filtering, Sorting and Pagination – Advanced Filtering with React and Redux  
https://blog.soshace.com/filtering-sorting-and-pagination-advanced-filtering-with-react-and-redux/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## Portfolio site in minutes - React  
https://github.com/ValeedAnjum/yourportfolio  
 ` github.com`
  

## Korgin - A cli application for managing and reading bookmarks from the Internet.  
https://github.com/majidsajadi/korgin  
 ` github.com`
  

## Learn the Business and Revenue Model of Uber-like App  
https://medium.com/@bruceoxenford5/learn-the-business-and-revenue-model-of-uber-like-app-648e5e8714ba  
 ` medium.com`
  

## weather api  
https://github.com/yeukfei02/weatherApi  
 ` github.com`
  

## 1 Over 300 free MIT-licensed high-quality SVG icons – Tabler Icons  
https://github.com/tabler/tabler-icons  
Paweł Kuna ` github.com`
  

## How Should Designers Learn To Code? The Terminal And Text Editors (Part 1)  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/designers-code-terminal-text-editors-part-1/  
As a designer with many years of experience, I often encourage my colleagues and reports to pick up some coding skills. While many are open to the idea, others balk at the notion. I usually hear some variation of “I didn’t study design to become a developer.” Although this is a valid concern, I’d like to emphasize two points: a better understanding of the materials usually leads to better outcomes, and there is an important distinction between “coding” and “software engineering. ` Paul Hanaoka : Wed, 18 Mar 2020 12:30:00 +0000`
  

## Handy Tips on Using console.log()  
https://dmitripavlutin.com/console-log-tips/  
 ` dmitripavlutin.com`
  

## How to make Tinder-like card animations in React Native [video]  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWdGmUFXua8&amp;feature=youtu.be  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## For of loops in Javascript one loop to rule them all  
https://www.jonathancreamer.com/for-of-loops-in-javascript-one-loop-to-rule-them-all/  
Alfredo Higuero ` www.jonathancreamer.com`
  

## Tools for Optimizing SVG  
https://css-tricks.com/tools-for-optimizing-svg/  
Anton Fuchs ` css-tricks.com`
  

## The 10 Most Common Mistakes JavaScript Developers Make  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/the-10-most-common-mistakes-javascript-developers-make/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## New Version of Rintagi - Latest Updates  
https://medium.com/rintagi/latest-rintagi-updates-dab9d6c64a4  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Creating your first REST API with Deno and Postgres  
https://blog.logrocket.com/creating-your-first-rest-api-with-deno-and-postgres/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Things you never knew about Redux DevTool  
https://blog.logrocket.com/redux-devtools-tips-tricks-for-faster-debugging/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Optimizing Collaboration Between Distributed Front-End Teams  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/optimizing-collaboration-between-distributed-front-end-teams-82ba14ce21f9  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Flexbox and absolute positioning  
https://www.chenhuijing.com/blog/flexbox-and-absolute-positioning/  
Jamie Nicholls ` www.chenhuijing.com`
  

## Quick Tour of date-fns, a Simple JavaScript Date Library  
https://alligator.io/js/date-fns/  
 ` alligator.io`
  

