## React Native Web Vs React ‚Äì A Comparison Guide For 2020  
https://codersera.com/blog/react-native-web-vs-react-a-comparison-guide-for-2020/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Create a new neo.mjs app with the 1-liner: npx neo-app  
https://github.com/neomjs/create-app  
 ` github.com`
  

## Software Application Development in Altorum Leren  
https://www.altorumleren.com/  
 ` www.altorumleren.com`
  

## How to improve CSS layout with flex?  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/how-to-improve-css-layout-with-flex/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## Hooks, Getting in a New Relationship  
https://codersera.com/blog/hooks-getting-in-a-new-relationship/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Proof of work mining in nodejs  
https://github.com/globatio/globatio-desktop  
 ` github.com`
  

## Most in-demand JavaScript testing tools in 2020  
https://blog.logrocket.com/most-in-demand-javascript-testing-tools-in-2020/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## airtrash: clone of Apple's AirDrop - easy P2P file transfer powered by stupidity (Electron/Node.js/C++)  
https://github.com/maciejczyzewski/airtrash#readme  
 ` github.com`
  

## Top JavaScript Frameworks and Topics to Learn in 2020 and the New Decade  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/top-javascript-frameworks-and-topics-to-learn-in-2020-and-the-new-decade-ced6e9d812f9  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Lets Make A Web App (Part 0)  
https://medium.com/@tracker1/lets-make-a-web-app-9ce2a02f43d0  
 ` medium.com`
  

## HostListener And HostBinding  
https://wuschools.com/hostlistener-and-hostbinding/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## üì´ S3 Email - a serverless email system with infinite inboxes  
https://github.com/0x4447/0x4447_product_s3_email  
 ` github.com`
  

## React Native Bridge For Android  
https://codersera.com/blog/react-native-bridge-for-android/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## 7 challenges for querying with GROQ  
https://dev.to/mornir/7-challenges-for-querying-with-groq-3p0p  
 ` dev.to`
  

## [Lightning talk] Regular expressions my secret love  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIp7lhL7AXg  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Lets Make A Web App - Part 1 - Development Tools Setup  
https://medium.com/@tracker1/lets-make-a-web-app-part-1-development-tools-setup-83ee76e04f57  
 ` medium.com`
  

## ngbmodal  
https://wuschools.com/ngbmodal/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## MassCode ‚Äì An open source code snippets manager for developers  
https://github.com/antonreshetov/massCode  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to Release Open Source Library in 2020  
https://twitter.com/eunjae_lee/status/1213820891726901248  
 ` twitter.com`
  

## Wanna wholla lotta curves? - easy tutorial  
https://slicker.me/javascript/curves.htm  
 ` slicker.me`
  

## Data Structures and Algorithms open source GitHub project in C#  
https://github.com/PiJei/AlgorithmsAndDataStructures  
 ` github.com`
  

## Progressive Web Apps in 2020  
https://medium.com/@firt/progressive-web-apps-in-2020-c15018c9931c  
 
  

## Things you can do with a browser in 2020   
https://github.com/luruke/browser-2020  
 
  

## What We‚Äôre Reading, 2019  
https://css-tricks.com/what-were-reading-2019/  
 
  

## What is CORS (Cross Origin Resource Sharing)?  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/what-is-cors-cross-origin-resource-sharing-98df12d0f7db  
 
  

## UI Interactions & Animations Roundup¬†#1  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2020/01/04/ui-interactions-animations-roundup-1/  
 
  

## Prototyping optimizations with Cloudflare Workers and WebPageTest  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/prototyping-optimizations-with-cloudflare-workers-and-webpagetest/  
 
  

## How to Optimize Page Load Times: A Different Slant on the Frustration Index  
https://calendar.perfplanet.com/2019/how-to-optimize-page-load-times-a-different-slant-on-the-frustration-index/  
 
  

## How to read a WebPageTest Waterfall View chart   
https://nooshu.github.io/blog/2019/10/02/how-to-read-a-wpt-waterfall-chart/  
 
  

## JavaScript Performance Issues?  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/javascript-performance-issues-6edaee6db7b1  
 
  

## Building my bullet journal layout with CSS Grid & Subgrid & Flexbox  
https://blog.stephaniestimac.com/posts/12-29-2019-bullet-journal/  
 
  

## Min and Max Width/Height in CSS  
https://ishadeed.com/article/min-max-css/  
 
  

## Understanding CSS-in-JS  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/understanding-css-in-js  
 
  

## Understanding CSS Grid: Creating A Grid Container  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/understanding-css-grid-container/  
 
  

## Is ‚Äúis‚Äù Useful?  
https://css-tricks.com/is-is-useful/  
 
  

## 2 Ways to Create the Holy Grail Layout with Flexbox  
https://www.developerdrive.com/holy-grail-layout-flexbox/  
 
  

## The Mighty CSS z-index Property  
https://alligator.io/css/z-index/  
 
  

## New Year, New Job? Let‚Äôs Make a Grid-Powered Resume!  
https://css-tricks.com/new-year-new-job-lets-make-a-grid-powered-resume/  
 
  

## Chrome V8 version 8.0‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäV8,‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäWhat to expect?  
https://towardsdatascience.com/chrome-v8-version-8-0-v8-what-to-expect-11094d45411e  
 
  

## 5 JavaScript Features I Couldn‚Äôt Code Without  
https://www.javascriptjanuary.com/blog/5-javascript-features-i-couldnt-code-without  
 
  

## Sampling bias, FDR, and The State of JS  
https://davidea.st/articles/sampling-bias-fdr-state-of-js  
 
  

## 11+ JavaScript Features You‚Äôve Probably Never Used  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/features-of-javascript-you-probably-never-used-4c117ba3f025  
 
  

## 70 JavaScript Interview Questions  
https://dev.to/macmacky/70-javascript-interview-questions-5gfi  
 
  

## Fast and maintainable patterns for fetching from a database  
https://sophiebits.com/2020/01/01/fast-maintainable-db-patterns.html  
 
  

## Common Javascript Promise mistakes every beginner should know and¬†avoid  
https://gosink.in/common-javascript-promise-mistakes-beginners/  
 
  

## A Year of React‚Ää‚Äî‚Ää2019 in Review  
https://dev.to/selbekk/a-year-of-react-2019-in-review-2pal  
 
  

## The Power of Simplifying Large Components in React  
https://medium.com/better-programming/the-power-of-simplifying-large-components-in-react-c0d15fa88f70  
 
  

## Redux VS React Context: Which one should you choose?  
https://dev.to/ibrahima92/redux-vs-react-context-which-one-should-you-choose-2hhh  
 
  

## Vue cheat sheet 3 (advanced)  
https://dev.to/adnanbabakan/vue-cheat-sheet-3-advanced-4khj  
 
  

## Vue Composition API‚Ää‚Äî‚ÄäWhat Is it and How Do I Use It?  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/vue-composition-api-what-is-it-how-to-use-it  
 
  

## Off Main Thread Architecture with Vuex  
https://logaretm.com/blog/2019-12-21-vuex-off-mainthread/  
 
  

## Vue Apollo v4: the first look  
https://dev.to/n_tepluhina/vue-apollo-v4-the-first-look-c32  
 
  

## Create Web Components with Vue.js  
https://dev.to/aumayeung/create-web-components-with-vue-js-2bb0  
 
  

## Vue.js Composition API: usage with MediaDevices API  
https://dev.to/3vilarthas/vue-js-composition-api-usage-with-mediadevices-api-2efb  
 
  

## Lazy Resolving Observable API Services with Vue.js  
https://markus.oberlehner.net/blog/lazy-resolving-observable-api-services-with-vue/  
 
  

## An Overview of Vue Keep-Alive  
https://learnvue.co/2019/12/an-overview-of-vue-keep-alive/  
 
  

## Top 15 Angular INDEPTH articles of 2019  
https://indepth.dev/top-15-angular-indepth-articles-of-2019/  
 
  

## Angular: Supercharging The Router  
https://medium.com/wizdm-genesys/angular-supercharging-the-router-a49e370fad78  
 
  

## Using TailwindCss with Ember  
https://dev.to/jamesbyrne/using-tailwindcss-with-ember-41el  
 
  

## One Reason Why You Should Be Using¬†URLs  
https://ilyaradchenko.com/one-reason-why-you-should-be-using-urls/  
 
  

## Build a Responsive Website using Svelte in 30 minutes.  
https://dev.to/karkranikhil/build-responsive-website-using-svelte-in-30-minutes-l9  
 
  

## How to Create a Web Component in¬†Svelte  
https://dev.to/silvio/how-to-create-a-web-components-in-svelte-2g4j  
 
  

## How to Release Open Source Library in¬†2020  
https://eunjae.dev/release-open-source-library-2020  
 
  

## Use CSS Subgrid to layout full-width content stripes in an article template  
https://bryanlrobinson.com/blog/use-css-subgrid-laying-out-full-width-article-stripes/  
Eric Stafford ` bryanlrobinson.com`
  

