## An Example Birthday App, using React & Typescript  
https://www.exploringreact.com/2020/10/09/an-example-birthday-app-using-react-typescript/  
 ` www.exploringreact.com`
  

## Understanding the Concept of KNN Algorithm Using R  
https://www.excelr.com/blog/data-science/machine-learning-supervised/understanding-the-concept-of-knn-algorithm-using-r  
 ` www.excelr.com`
  

## Luckysheet, an open-source spreadsheet  
https://github.com/mengshukeji/Luckysheet/  
 ` github.com`
  

## The Widening Responsibility for Front-End Developers  
https://css-tricks.com/the-widening-responsibility-for-front-end-developers/  
Andreas Krüger ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 114  
https://webkit.org/blog/11300/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-114/  
Nicolas Géroux ` webkit.org`
  

## Drawing Human Hand With CSS - Can you do this ? #Challenge  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYI21sEhYZc&t=1199s  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Node.js Lesson 7: Console Module  
https://soshace.com/7-lessons-node-js-module-console/  
 ` soshace.com`
  

## How to use the neo.mjs Command-Line Interface?  
https://github.com/neomjs/neo/blob/dev/buildScripts/README.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## JavaScript escape room game: [code]capi Code Out!  
https://codeout.codecapi.com/  
 ` codeout.codecapi.com`
  

## TOP 8 trip planning apps 2020  
https://addevice.io/blog/top-8-mobile-travel-planner-trip-organizer-apps/  
 ` addevice.io`
  

## Intro to Three.js for game developers  
https://blog.logrocket.com/intro-to-three-js-for-game-developers/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Full-Bleed Layout Using CSS Grid  
https://joshwcomeau.com/css/full-bleed/  
Jamie Nicholls ` joshwcomeau.com`
  

## Watch tutorials and code in HTML, CSS, and JS from a single tab  
https://dev.to/arthtyagi/watch-tutorials-and-code-in-html-css-and-js-from-a-single-tab-5g3k  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Useful Tools In Vue.js Web Development  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/10/useful-tools-vue-javascript-web-development/  
Vinay Dabral ` www.smashingmagazine.com`
  

## Async map with limited parallelism in Node.js  
https://codeburst.io/async-map-with-limited-parallelism-in-node-js-2b91bd47af70  
 ` codeburst.io`
  

## How To Become A Better ||Recommend Programmer  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9QjYhmGKVE&amp;t=103s  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## An Axios Library Alternative for Large Scale API Query Setup  
https://github.com/Debdut/url-request  
 ` github.com`
  

## Webpack 5  
https://webpack.js.org/blog/2020-10-10-webpack-5-release/  
 ` webpack.js.org`
  

## Balancing on a pivot with Flexbox  
https://css-tricks.com/balancing-on-a-pivot-with-flexbox/  
Marcin Borowski ` css-tricks.com`
  

## Webpack 5 Headache  
https://blog.sindresorhus.com/webpack-5-headache-b6ac24973bf1  
 ` blog.sindresorhus.com`
  

## An Awesome NestJS Boilerplate  
https://www.echojs.com/news/37695  
 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #179 (5 — 11 October 2020)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-179-5-11-october-2020-d5760def819f  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

