## The NPM Guide I would have Loved as a Beginner  
https://dev.to/spartakyste/the-npm-guide-i-would-have-loved-as-a-beginner-4i07  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Errors and Error Handling in JavaScript  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/errors-and-error-handling-in-javascript-52d448b8183d  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## How to increase CSS-in-JS performance by 175x  
https://dominictobias.medium.com/how-to-increase-css-in-js-performance-by-175x-f30ddeac6bce  
 ` dominictobias.medium.com`
  

## Fast & customizable 3D model viewer for everyone  
https://github.com/naver/egjs-view3d  
 ` github.com`
  

## building footprint segmentation from satellite imagery  
https://github.com/fuzailpalnak/building-footprint-segmentation  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to Use Airtable as a Production Database (Analyzing Airtable Performance)  
https://dev.to/hacubu/how-to-use-airtable-as-a-production-database-analyzing-airtable-performance-41e9  
 ` dev.to`
  

## The Rules of Margin Collapse  
https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/rules-of-margin-collapse/  
Alfredo Higuero ` www.joshwcomeau.com`
  

## Webinyâ€™s Top 10 Favorite NPM Packages  
https://www.webiny.com/blog/webinys-top-10-favorite-npm-packages-e9dc560e56ff  
 ` www.webiny.com`
  

## How to toggle a class in React ( Using Functional Component & Class Component )  
https://youtu.be/Gadgmn9-Xgo  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## Superfast, super small (1,327 bytes minimized, 647 gzipped) JavaScript object deep copy.  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/nano-copy  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## react-library-starter: a project bundler for your React projects powered by Rollup  
https://github.com/rhaicode/react-library-starter/  
 ` github.com`
  

## CSS post-processing using autoprefixer in a React app  
https://jsmates.com/blog/css-autoprefixer-in-a-react-app  
 ` jsmates.com`
  

## How to Use Schemas on Fastify for Fun and Profit  
https://hyperfoo.io/posts/using-schemas-fastify-fun-and-profit  
 ` hyperfoo.io`
  

## Three.js: Geometries and materials  
https://blog.logrocket.com/three-js-geometries-and-materials/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 117  
https://webkit.org/blog/11364/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-117/  
Justin Kidd ` webkit.org`
  

## The Import On Interaction Pattern  
https://addyosmani.com/blog/import-on-interaction/  
Derrick Hughes ` addyosmani.com`
  

## State of JavaScript 2020 - Survey  
https://survey.stateofjs.com/survey/state-of-js/2020  
 ` survey.stateofjs.com`
  

## A Utility Class for Covering Elements  
https://css-irl.info/a-utility-class-for-covering-elements/  
Viktor Berezin ` css-irl.info`
  

## An awesome CLI tool for nestjs applications  
https://github.com/squareboat/nest-console  
 ` github.com`
  

## Generate Random Color From Material Color Palette  
https://github.com/jalal246/mdl-color-palette  
 ` github.com`
  

## Devops Training Online  
https://igmguru.com/cloud-computing/devops-certification-training/  
 ` igmguru.com`
  

## Pagespeed Optimization as a Case-study  
https://alijiwani.medium.com/pagespeed-optimization-as-a-case-study-80e7571c4adf  
alihs ` alijiwani.medium.com`
  

## How To build A Single-Page With React - react-router-dom  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24sSd6yvriY  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Artificial intelligence(AI) Generated Portrait SKETCH, ArtLine.  
https://github.com/vijishmadhavan/ArtLine  
 ` github.com`
  

