## A CSS Variables Polyfill for IE11  
https://github.com/nuxodin/ie11CustomProperties?new=1  
 ` github.com`
  

## PHP vs Python – Which One to Choose from a Business Perspective  
https://eluminoustechnologies.com/blog/php-vs-python/  
 ` eluminoustechnologies.com`
  

## MassCode – released to v0.5.0 with new feature tray Assistant  
https://github.com/antonreshetov/massCode/releases/tag/v0.5.0  
 ` github.com`
  

## Does Expo Support React Native Web?  
https://codersera.com/blog/does-expo-support-react-native-web/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #140 (6 –12 January 2020)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-140-6-12-january-2020-1b60225b75c3  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

## Do you need a bundler for your next project?  
https://www.richardkotze.com/coding/no-app-bundler-needed  
 ` www.richardkotze.com`
  

## React Hooks in Apollo Client for GraphQL Queries and Mutations  
https://atheros.ai/blog/react-hooks-in-apollo-client-for-graphql-queries-and-mutations  
 ` atheros.ai`
  

## Coverage Tab of Google Dev Tools to Find Dead Code  
https://w3lessons.info/coverage-tab-of-google-dev-tools-to-find-dead-code/  
 ` w3lessons.info`
  

## JavaScript testing #8. Integrating Cypress with Cucumber and Gherkin  
https://wanago.io/2020/01/13/javascript-testing-cypress-cucumber/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Women in programming  
https://www.blog.duomly.com/women-in-programming/  
 ` www.blog.duomly.com`
  

## Let’s build with WebAssembly! by Tejas Kumar | JSConfAM19  
https://youtu.be/ejEVdbyEVnc  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## Saga of a Single Function by Edgar Marukyan | JSConfAM19  
https://youtu.be/1oEuxvNwZLo  
 ` youtu.be`
  

## React Figma - a custom React renderer to Figma  
https://github.com/react-figma/react-figma  
 ` github.com`
  

## Case Study: How to creat a telemedicine application platform  
http://ddi-dev.com/blog/case/how-we-have-created-telemedicine-application-platform-for-medical-company/  
 ` ddi-dev.com`
  

## Build a Fully-Working JavaScript Promise Implementation from Scratch  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/learn-javascript-promises-by-building-a-fully-working-promise-from-scratch-c9eabe73fa3?source=friends_link&sk=0c9c08aeae94ab925c53fe4b5be0259a  
 ` levelup.gitconnected.com`
  

## Balancing quantitative and qualitative user engagement  
https://blog.logrocket.com/balancing-quantitative-and-qualitative-user-engagement/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Creating Swipeable Gestures with React Native Gesture Handler  
https://blog.jscrambler.com/creating-swipeable-gestures-with-react-native-gesture-handler/?utm_source=echojs.com&utm_medium=referral  
 ` blog.jscrambler.com`
  

## Angular Webpack  
https://wuschools.com/angular-webpack/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## Run Trie Tree with JavaScript  
https://www.softnami.com/posts_pr/trie-tree-with-javascript.html?ref=echojs  
 ` www.softnami.com`
  

## Release Notes for Safari Technology Preview 98  
https://webkit.org/blog/9689/release-notes-for-safari-technology-preview-98/  
Nicolas Géroux ` webkit.org`
  

## Testing Software: What is TDD? A Practical Introduction with Q&A  
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/testing-software-what-is-tdd-459b2145405c  
 ` medium.com`
  

