## List in HTML, Order list, Unordered list, Definition List  
https://wuschools.com/list-in-html/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## React Hook Form v4.9.0 supports custom schema validation  
https://react-hook-form.com/api#validationResolver  
 ` react-hook-form.com`
  

## SaaS/Admin website template for React  
https://github.com/dunky11/react-saas-template  
 ` github.com`
  

## What is React.js Framework & Should You Use It for Your Project?  
https://eluminoustechnologies.com/blog/react-js-web-development/  
 ` eluminoustechnologies.com`
  

## Node.js Async Best Practices & Avoiding the Callback Hell  
https://blog.risingstack.com/node-js-async-best-practices-avoiding-callback-hell-node-js-at-scale/  
 ` blog.risingstack.com`
  

## MultiMenu.js enables you to create multi level navigation menu with smooth sliding like native apps.  
https://appleple.github.io/multi-menu/  
 ` appleple.github.io`
  

## Angular 9 final release released  
https://helpdev.eu/angular-9-final-release-released/  
 ` helpdev.eu`
  

## Added search using FuseJS on my Jekyll blog  
https://www.richardkotze.com/coding/search-posts-jekyll-blog  
 ` www.richardkotze.com`
  

## CO2 emissions on the web  
https://dannyvankooten.com/website-carbon-emissions/  
Anton Fuchs ` dannyvankooten.com`
  

## Aborting a fetch request üöÄ  
https://meetguns.com/blog/aborting-a-fetch-request/  
Ganapati V S ` meetguns.com`
  

## TypeScript Express tutorial #13. Using Mongoose virtuals to populate documents  
https://wanago.io/2020/02/10/typescript-express-tutorial-13-using-mongoose-virtuals-to-populate-documents/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Top Essential Extensions For VS code ‚Äì Increase Productivity  
https://codersera.com/blog/top-essential-extensions-for-vs-code-increase-productivity/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Building a GraphQL server in Next.js [video included]  
https://blog.logrocket.com/building-a-graphql-server-in-next-js/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## How I built my own web browser  
https://kilianvalkhof.com/2020/design/how-i-built-my-own-browser/  
Kilian Valkhof ` kilianvalkhof.com`
  

## Virtual scrolling: Core principles and basic implementation in React  
https://blog.logrocket.com/virtual-scrolling-core-principles-and-basic-implementation-in-react/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## 15+ Articles of February to Learn JavaScript  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/15-articles-of-february-to-learn-javascript/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## Creating Fitness Application: UX/UI Design Case Study  
https://hackernoon.com/creating-fitness-application-uxui-design-case-study-wa5i33h5  
 ` hackernoon.com`
  

## Consuming REST APIs in Svelte  
https://blog.logrocket.com/consuming-rest-apis-in-svelte/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## 10 Useful React Components for 2020  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/10-useful-react-components-for-2020-35fd6af56909  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Welcome to Fiber ‚Äî an Express.js styled web framework written in Go with ‚ù§Ô∏è  
https://dev.to/koddr/welcome-to-fiber-an-express-js-styled-fastest-web-framework-written-with-on-golang-497  
 ` dev.to`
  

