## Back to Posts Cattle Management Software for Farmers  
https://gnusocial.no/notice/6634165  
 ` gnusocial.no`
  

## What does the font-weight property tell us about automated testing in the front-end world?  
https://lukaszmakuch.pl/post/font-weight-testing  
 ` lukaszmakuch.pl`
  

## A simple anonymous facial recognition API. Achieves a 99.9% match accuracy.  
https://github.com/biometricvisiondev/facial-recognition-api  
 ` github.com`
  

## Looking for Marketing Director  
https://vator.tv/person/bath-osborne  
 ` vator.tv`
  

## Google Developer Console Debugging Tips & Tricks  
https://w3lessons.info/google-devtools-console-tips-that-would-change-your-debugging-experience/  
 ` w3lessons.info`
  

## Enables you to create stunning flutter animations  
https://flutterawesome.com/enables-you-to-create-stunning-flutter-animations/  
Enables you to create stunning flutter animations, faster, efficient and with less code. ` Flutter Awesome : Mon, 09 Mar 2020 05:48:47 GMT`
  

## A flutter UI Challenge for Traveling  
https://flutterawesome.com/a-flutter-ui-challenge-for-traveling/  
A flutter UI Challenge for Traveling. ` Flutter Awesome : Mon, 09 Mar 2020 05:48:37 GMT`
  

## Wrapping Errors in Go – How to Handle Nested Errors  
https://qvault.io/2020/03/09/wrapping-errors-in-go-how-to-handle-nested-errors/  
 ` qvault.io`
  

## Concept / Introduction guide for neo.mjs - The webworkers driven UI framework  
https://github.com/neomjs/neo/blob/dev/.github/CONCEPT.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## Setting Height And Width On Images Is Important Again  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/setting-height-width-images-important-again/  
Web performance advocates have often advised to add dimensions to your images for best performance to allow the page to be laid out with the appropriate space for the image, before the image itself has been downloaded. This avoids a layout shift as the image is downloaded &mdash; something Chrome has recently started measuring in the new Cumulative Layout Shift metric.Well, a dirty, little, secret &mdash; not that well-known outside the hard-core web performance advocates &mdash; is that, until recently, this actually didn’t make a difference in a lot of cases, as we’ll see below. ` Barry Pollard : Mon, 09 Mar 2020 11:30:00 +0000`
  

## There’s More to the JavaScript Console  
https://www.prestonlamb.com/blog/theres-more-to-the-javascript-console  
 ` www.prestonlamb.com`
  

## Functional React components with generic props in TypeScript  
https://wanago.io/2020/03/09/functional-react-components-with-generic-props-in-typescript/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #148 (2–8 March 2020)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-148-2-8-march-2020-fe0f25f2da88  
Przemyslaw Adamczewski ` medium.com`
  

## The hidden power of Promise.resolve()  
https://codingwithjs.rocks/blog/the-hidden-power-of-promise-resolve  
 ` codingwithjs.rocks`
  

## Up-to-date overview of JavaScript and TypeScript tooling  
https://tooling.js.org/  
 ` tooling.js.org`
  

## Simple Electron React Boilerplate  
https://github.com/JaganGanesh/electron-react-boilerplate  
 ` github.com`
  

## JS ES6: Destructuring objects and arrays  
https://www.hackdoor.io/articles/myNBWpxn/es6-destructuring-assignment  
Miiitch ` www.hackdoor.io`
  

## 7 Tools for Distributed Frontend Dev Teams in 2020  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/7-tools-for-distributed-frontend-dev-teams-in-2020-4a8a07d4803  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## What’s Deno, and how is it different from Node.js? [video]  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoAXcW2-LNA  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## A universal admin panel for Node.js apps just got version 2.0  
https://medium.com/@wojciechkrysiak/one-year-ago-at-softwarebrothers-we-started-developing-adminbro-a-universal-admin-panel-for-ba95a086dee  
 ` medium.com`
  

