## PrimeNG – Why is Necessary for Angular UI Components  
https://wuschools.com/primeng/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## What Flutter Has in Store for 2020?  
https://eluminoustechnologies.com/blog/flutter-has-in-store-for-2020/  
 ` eluminoustechnologies.com`
  

## Quick Overview of JavaScript Array Methods  
https://blog.soshace.com/quick-overview-of-javascript-array-methods/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## Achieve the real-time chat using Socket IO with the MVVM design pattern  
https://github.com/Mindinventory/socket-chat  
 ` github.com`
  

## Sierpinski Triangle (fractal/webGL)  
https://codepen.io/Bugagaga/full/GRgdKbG  
 ` codepen.io`
  

## Implementing animations with react-spring  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR5Zbw2u_Ug  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Lazy Load Apollo Link in Apollo Client. 10 lines of code to help  
https://blog.axlight.com/posts/lazy-load-apollo-link-in-apollo-client/  
 ` blog.axlight.com`
  

## JsBattle - code the AI of fighting tanks in online game  
https://github.com/jamro/jsbattle  
 ` github.com`
  

## Dirty Terraform hacks  
https://blog.logrocket.com/dirty-terraform-hacks/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## A Collection of useful React hooks speed up your components development  
https://github.com/beautifulinteractions/beautiful-react-hooks  
 ` github.com`
  

## MassCode – a code snippets manager for developers released to v0.4.0  
https://masscode.io/  
 ` masscode.io`
  

## How to set up a Headless Chrome Node.js server in Docker  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-set-up-a-headless-chrome-node-js-server-in-docker/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## ngx bootstrap | With Bootstrap 3 and 4  
https://wuschools.com/ngx-bootstrap/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## CSS is Awesome (CSS Motion Path)  
https://codepen.io/yuanchuan/pen/OJPvRRR  
Viktor Berezin ` codepen.io`
  

## Customizable Tiny Linux OS for your Development needs!  
https://github.com/HUSKI3/FireOS  
 ` github.com`
  

## Shared state using React Hooks and Context  
https://gist.github.com/tomsoderlund/232c7bc69f90070a03daa75692e3fc56  
 ` gist.github.com`
  

## How to Integrate dotenv with NestJS and TypeORM  
https://codersera.com/blog/how-to-integrate-dotenv-with-nestjs-and-typeorm/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Tundra: My comprehensive template engine for Nodejs  
https://github.com/Usbac/tundra  
 ` github.com`
  

## Selenium WebDriver testing on GitHub Actions  
https://ianwalter.dev/running-selenium-webdriver-tests-using-github-actions/  
 ` ianwalter.dev`
  

## Angular Docker – Build and run Angular application in a Docker at Free  
https://wuschools.com/angular-docker/  
 ` wuschools.com`
  

## Difference Between – Java And JavaScript  
https://codersera.com/blog/difference-between-java-and-javascript/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## These specific shortcuts are the ones I personally use most frequently  
https://excelexamples.com/post/these-specific-shortcuts-are-the-ones-i-personally-use-most-frequently/  
 ` excelexamples.com`
  

## The JavaScript framework for visual programming  
https://rete.js.org/  
 ` rete.js.org`
  

## JavaScript Map Function Explained – A Deep Dive  
https://qvault.io/2020/01/12/javascript-map-function-explained-a-deep-dive/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=javascript-map-function-explained-a-deep-dive  
 ` qvault.io`
  

## Hopa - zero config CLI that runs JavaScript and TypeScript  
https://krasimirtsonev.com/blog/article/hopa-javascript-typescript-runner  
 ` krasimirtsonev.com`
  

## npm Security 2019 in Review  
https://blog.npmjs.org/post/190109399410/npm-security-2019-in-review  
 
  

## Getting Started with Front End Testing  
https://www.javascriptjanuary.com/blog/getting-started-with-front-end-testing  
 
  

## Simple Image Placeholders with SVG  
https://cloudfour.com/thinks/simple-svg-placeholder/  
 
  

## Why You Should Choose HTML5 <article> Over <section  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/html5-article-section/  
> 
  

## Front-End Performance Checklist 2020 [PDF, Apple Pages, MS Word]  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2020-pdf-pages/  
 
  

## Year in Web Performance: 2019  
https://www.machmetrics.com/speed-blog/web-performance-year-review-2019/  
 
  

## Performance Budgets, Pragmatically  
https://csswizardry.com/2020/01/performance-budgets-pragmatically/  
 
  

## Things I’ve Learnt Optimizing Our Build Time  
https://dutzi.party/optimizing-our-build-time/  
 
  

## Awesome Demos Roundup #12  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2020/01/08/awesome-demos-roundup-12/  
 
  

## Playing with Texture Projection in Three.js  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2020/01/07/playing-with-texture-projection-in-three-js/  
 
  

## prefers-color-scheme: CSS Media Query  
https://davidwalsh.name/prefers-color-scheme  
 
  

## How to Stack Elements in CSS  
https://css-tricks.com/how-to-stack-elements-in-css/  
 
  

## Get Moving (or not) with CSS Motion Path  
https://danielcwilson.com/blog/2020/01/motion-path-quirks/  
 
  

## CSS-Only Carousel  
https://css-tricks.com/css-only-carousel/  
 
  

## Multi-Thumb Sliders: Particular Two-Thumb Case  
https://css-tricks.com/multi-thumb-sliders-particular-two-thumb-case/  
 
  

## Multi-Thumb Sliders: General Case  
https://css-tricks.com/multi-thumb-sliders-general-case/  
 
  

## Using easing for more than just CSS transitions  
https://kilianvalkhof.com/2020/css-html/using-easing-for-more-than-just-css-transitions/?ref=heydesigner  
 
  

## Understanding CSS Grid: Grid Lines  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/understanding-css-grid-lines/  
 
  

## 7 CSS properties you had no idea about  
https://dev.to/tlakomy/7-css-properties-you-had-no-idea-about-4e75  
 
  

## Hiding Elements On The Web  
https://ishadeed.com/article/hiding-web/  
 
  

## How to move your project to TypeScript — at your own pace  
https://www.twilio.com/blog/move-to-typescript  
 
  

## 2019 JavaScript Rising Stars  
https://risingstars.js.org/2019/en/  
 
  

## Reactivity in Web Frameworks (Part 1)  
https://lihautan.com/reactivity-in-web-frameworks-the-when/  
 
  

## Understanding Async Await  
https://css-tricks.com/understanding-async-await/  
 
  

## JavaScript and window.postMessage()  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/javascript-and-window-postmessage-a60c8f6adea9  
 
  

## Debunking the Myth: Accessibility and React  
https://www.deque.com/blog/debunking-the-myth-accessibility-and-react/  
 
  

## New Next.js Documentation   
https://nextjs.org/blog/new-documentation  
 
  

## ipod-classic-js — An iPod Classic built using React Hooks, TypeScript, & GraphQL  
https://github.com/tvillarete/ipod-classic-js  
 
  

## Announcing Villus — A tiny and fast GraphQL Client for Vue.js  
https://logaretm.com/blog/2020-01-11-announcing-villus/  
 
  

## Handling Events with Vue.js  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2020/01/06/handling-events-vue-js/  
 
  

## Adventures in Vue’s render function  
https://dev.to/herrbertling/adventures-in-vue-s-render-function-4id7  
 
  

## The Complete Guide to Build a Full Blown Multilanguage Website with Nuxt.js  
https://dev.to/storyblok/the-complete-guide-to-build-a-full-blown-multilanguage-website-with-nuxt-js-8cd  
 
  

## vue-kinesis — Easy to use Vue.js components for creating interactive animations  
https://www.aminerman.com/kinesis/#/  
 
  

## Top New Features of Angular 9  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/top-new-features-of-angular-9  
 
  

## A Practical Guide To Angular: Data Binding & Directive  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/a-practical-guide-to-angular-data-binding-directive  
 
  

## How To Create And Deploy Angular Material Application  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/angular-8-material-application-netlify/  
 
  

## Scully, the First Static Site Generator for Angular  
https://medium.com/angular-in-depth/scully-the-static-site-generator-for-angular-d0608cb028ae  
 
  

## The Ember Times — Issue №130  
https://dev.to/embertimes/the-ember-times-issue-no-130-34ki  
 
  

## 6 Tips For Transitioning To Ember CSS Modules  
https://ilyaradchenko.com/6-tips-for-transitioning-to-ember-css-modules/  
 
  

## Firefox 72 — our first song of 2020  
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2020/01/firefox-72-our-first-song-of-2020/  
 
  

## The End of Indie Web Browsers: You Can (Not) Compete  
https://blog.samuelmaddock.com/posts/the-end-of-indie-web-browsers/  
 
  

## Google Chrome to hide notification spam starting February 2020  
https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-chrome-to-hide-notification-spam-starting-february-2020/  
 
  

## Chrome to show error codes, similar to Windows BSOD screens  
https://www.zdnet.com/article/chrome-to-show-error-codes-similar-to-windows-bsod-screens/  
 
  

