## Maximizing Code Reuse in React  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/maximizing-code-reuse-in-react-35ee20ad362c  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## This Is How I Created a Simple App Using React Routing  
https://blog.soshace.com/this-is-how-i-created-a-simple-app-using-react-routing/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## When To Use The New Vue Composition API (And When Not To)  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2020/02/17/vue-composition-api-when-to-use?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=m5a  
 ` vuejsdevelopers.com`
  

## Gojek Clone  
https://www.cubetaxi.com/gojek-clone  
 ` www.cubetaxi.com`
  

## Airbnb Clone Script Vacation Rental Booking Software - Rentalslew  
http://www.rentalslew.com/  
 ` www.rentalslew.com`
  

## Handling the try/catch and if/else hell  
https://www.hackdoor.io/articles/E1N4qpVP/handling-the-trycatch-and-ifelse-hell  
Miiitch ` www.hackdoor.io`
  

## Some tips for the web VR beginners  
https://medium.com/naver-fe-platform/some-tips-for-the-web-vr-beginners-ee12002f36bf  
 ` medium.com`
  

## 4 Ways To Swap Variables in JavaScript  
https://dmitripavlutin.com/swap-variables-javascript/  
 ` dmitripavlutin.com`
  

## Open-Source News Mobile App â€“ Build with GetFlutter and Flutter SDK  
https://www.ionicfirebaseapp.com/products/flutter-news-app  
 ` www.ionicfirebaseapp.com`
  

## Authentic Process of Mobile App Design to Enhance UX  
https://www.cerdonis.tech/blogs/the-process-of-mobile-app-designing/  
 ` www.cerdonis.tech`
  

## See why mobile first design is right choice for website  
https://www.promotionworld.com/articles/web-design/200214-reasons-why-should-consider-mobilefirst-design-website  
 ` www.promotionworld.com`
  

## Vue Composition API as a State Management  
https://medium.com/everything-full-stack/vue-composition-api-as-a-state-management-cbc509f5a717  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Update Angular 7/8 to Angular 9 With the CLI  
https://www.techiediaries.com/angular/upgrade-angular-8-7-to-angular-9-with-cli-ng-update/  
 ` www.techiediaries.com`
  

## Don't think in graphs, think in components: Simplifying the GraphQL data model  
https://blog.logrocket.com/simplifying-the-graphql-data-model/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Raw JavaScript - domReady() Function  
https://cwestblog.com/2020/02/19/javascript-snippet-domready-function/  
 ` cwestblog.com`
  

## Validating React component props with prop-types [video]  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKqFMYOSy4g  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## Die Zeit: A Fitbit clock face written with #TypeScript and tested with #Jest  
https://github.com/Shpota/zeit//  
 ` github.com`
  

## A late adopter's guide to TypeScript  
https://blog.logrocket.com/a-late-adopters-guide-to-typescript/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Faking errors to test error scenarios in Express API's  
https://www.coreycleary.me/faking-errors-to-test-error-scenarios-in-express-apis/  
 ` www.coreycleary.me`
  

## Utility functions for projects production  
https://github.com/jalal246/get-info  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to Send and Receive SMS Messages with Nuxt.js and the Nexmo SMS API  
https://www.nexmo.com/blog/2020/02/19/how-send-receive-sms-messages-with-nuxt-js-dr  
 ` www.nexmo.com`
  

