## Introduction to Vue.js Event Handling  
https://blog.soshace.com/introduction-to-vue-js-event-handling/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## What is Angular and its future scope  
http://www.echojs.com/news/34981  
 
  

## LanceDarkly: manage feature toggles in VS Code  
https://www.richardkotze.com/projects/lancedarkly-manage-feature-toggles-vs-code  
 ` www.richardkotze.com`
  

## Building your first React Native app: Stopwatch tutorial in React native  
https://codersera.com/blog/first-react-native-app-stopwatch/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## What Really Makes Node.js Great?  
https://codersera.com/blog/what-really-makes-node-js-great/  
 ` codersera.com`
  

## Navigating the web with a gamepad  
https://www.voorhoede.nl/en/blog/navigating-the-web-with-a-gamepad/  
 
  

## The Deal with the Section Element  
https://css-tricks.com/the-deal-with-the-section-element/  
 
  

## JetBrains Mono — a new typeface made for developers   
https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/?_ga=2.6163445.712856152.1579122438-813934012.1579122438  
 
  

## Timeless Web Dev Articles  
https://css-tricks.com/timeless-web-dev-articles/  
 
  

## Learn End-to-end Testing with Puppeteer  
https://www.sitepoint.com/puppeteer-end-to-end-testing/  
 
  

## Tiny helpers — A collection of free single-purpose online tools for web developers   
https://tiny-helpers.dev/  
 
  

## Testing Your Website for Visual Regressions With BackstopJS  
https://codurance.com/2020/01/16/backstopjs-tutorial/  
 
  

## Letting tools make choices  
https://www.jackfranklin.co.uk/blog/letting-tools-make-choices/  
 
  

## The “Best” Performance Metrics? Start with These Six  
https://rigor.com/blog/six-web-performance-metrics-to-watch  
 
  

## Optimizing Your Images Didn’t Improve Your Load Time? Here’s Why  
https://www.machmetrics.com/speed-blog/optimizing-your-images-didnt-improve-your-load-time-heres-why/  
 
  

## Web Performance: 11 Must-Read Tips to Give Your Site a Speed Boost  
https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/web-performance  
 
  

## An Accessible Digital BBC — 2019 in review  
https://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/internet/entries/aac6bdff-3580-4265-9976-8214d24246ce  
 
  

## EU Web Accessibility Compliance and Legislation  
https://www.deque.com/blog/eu-web-accessibility-compliance-and-legislation/  
 
  

## 3D Folding Layout Technique for HTML Elements  
https://tympanus.net/codrops/2020/01/14/3d-folding-technique/  
 
  

## How to Animate on the Web With Greensock  
https://css-tricks.com/how-to-animate-on-the-web-with-greensock/  
 
  

## Material design style click effects with pointer events and CSS Custom Properties  
https://benfrain.com/material-design-style-click-effects-with-pointer-events-and-css-custom-properties/  
 
  

## Should you self-host Google Fonts?  
https://www.tunetheweb.com/blog/should-you-self-host-google-fonts/  
 
  

## Thinking Through Styling Options for Web Components  
https://css-tricks.com/thinking-through-styling-options-for-web-components/  
 
  

## How to Use the CSS :root Pseudo-Class Selector  
https://alligator.io/css/root-pseudo-class/  
 
  

## Adding separators to layouts with CSS-in-JS  
https://medium.com/pixel-and-ink/adding-separators-to-layouts-with-css-in-js-1e15017c0c68  
 
  

## 9 Ways to Work With Objects in JavaScript in 2020  
https://medium.com/better-programming/9-ways-to-work-with-objects-in-javascript-in-2020-d772c29db429  
 
  

## How YOU can learn to use Svelte for your next JS project  
https://dev.to/itnext/how-you-can-learn-to-use-svelte-for-your-next-js-project-3k8h  
 
  

## All you need to know to start writing Svelte Single File Components  
https://dev.to/vannsl/all-you-need-to-know-to-start-writing-svelte-single-file-components-cbd  
 
  

## JavaScript Objects and Arrays Manipulation for REST API  
https://medium.com/@viacheslavlushchinskiy/javascript-objects-and-arrays-manipulation-for-rest-api-b3b59a73b618  
 
  

## Optional Chaining, Null Coalescing and How They Will Change the Way You Write Code  
https://medium.com/better-programming/optional-chaining-and-null-coalescing-a93cb3dc7bb9  
 
  

## Best New Features of Create React App 3.3  
https://www.telerik.com/blogs/best-new-features-of-create-react-app-3-3  
 
  

## An Introduction To React’s Context API  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/introduction-react-context-api/  
 
  

## React-spring visualizer  
https://react-spring-visualizer.com/  
 
  

## React with TypeScript: Best Practices  
https://www.sitepoint.com/react-with-typescript-best-practices/  
 
  

## Accessible page title in a single-page React application  
https://hugogiraudel.com/2020/01/15/accessible-title-in-a-single-page-react-application/  
 
  

## We are excited today to introduce Next.js 9.2  
https://nextjs.org/blog/next-9-2  
 
  

## 10 Practices in VSCode to Hasten Your React Development Flow  
https://dev.to/jsmanifest/10-practices-in-vscode-to-hasten-your-react-development-flow-2jho  
 
  

## Vue Component Development Kit v0.4.0  
https://christiankienle.github.io/cdk/components/  
 
  

## 12 Vue.js Best Practices for Pro Developers  
https://medium.com/better-programming/12-vuejs-best-practices-for-pro-developers-28d1f629018c  
 
  

## How to Add AutoComplete Input to Your Vue.js App  
https://dev.to/aumayeung/how-to-add-autocomplete-input-to-your-vue-js-app-2d0a  
 
  

## Angular: How to support IE11  
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/angular-how-to-support-ie11-d3b8c3d3494e  
 
  

## Building a more private web: A path towards making third party cookies obsolete  
https://blog.chromium.org/2020/01/building-more-private-web-path-towards.html  
 
  

## Upgrading to the new Microsoft Edge  
https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2020/01/15/upgrading-new-microsoft-edge-79-chromium/  
 
  

## How we built Picture-in-Picture in Firefox Desktop with more control over video  
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2020/01/how-we-built-picture-in-picture-in-firefox-desktop/  
 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #141 (13 –19 January 2020)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-141-13-19-january-2020-9968ce150be6  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

## Bulk set properties recursively in huge, complex JSON string trees with a robust regex based engine.  
https://github.com/Andrew-Kang-G/json-knife  
 ` github.com`
  

## Developer's Guide to Common Vulnerabilities and How to Prevent Them  
https://auth0.com/blog/developers-guide-to-common-vulnerabilities-and-how-to-prevent-them/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=sc&utm_campaign=guide_vulnerabilities  
 ` auth0.com`
  

## Can I get the free source code to build an app like Uber?  
https://medium.com/@saadhika/where-can-i-get-the-free-source-code-for-an-uber-clone-app-eecd484babd4  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Six donts of web app internationalization  
https://blog.sapegin.me/all/internationalization/  
Artem Sapegin ☕ ` blog.sapegin.me`
  

## The Ultimate AJAX Guide For Vue.js Apps  
https://vuejsdevelopers.com/2017/08/28/vue-js-ajax-recipes/?utm_source=echojs&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=var  
 ` vuejsdevelopers.com`
  

## Generate API Documentation Effortlessly from your Phoenix/Elixir code - Part1  
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/generate-api-documentation-effortlessly-from-your-code-vladim%C3%ADr-gorej/  
 ` www.linkedin.com`
  

## Building an End-to-End Encrypted Chat Application With MirrorFly Chat Solution  
https://scotch.io/preview/what-makes-an-enterprise-messaging-platform-more-secure-encrypted  
 ` scotch.io`
  

## Vue.js Carousels: SSR Support And Performance  
https://dev.to/gsshop/vue-js-carousels-ssr-support-and-performance-24nh  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Evaluate Your App Design With The App Design Evaluation Template  
https://ux.nearsoft.com/blog/design/evaluate-your-app-design-with-the-app-design-evaluation-template/  
 ` ux.nearsoft.com`
  

## Angular 9/8 Tutorial By Example: REST CRUD APIs, HTTP GET Requests with HttpClient | Techiediaries  
https://www.techiediaries.com/angular-tutorial/  
 ` www.techiediaries.com`
  

## PWAs: the state of installability in 2020  
https://www.voorhoede.nl/en/blog/the-state-of-installability/  
 ` www.voorhoede.nl`
  

## A Note-taking Editor for Authoring Markdown Documents containing Math Formulas  
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/336554675_A_Note-taking_Editor_for_Authoring_Markdown_Documents_containing_Math_Formulas  
 ` www.researchgate.net`
  

## How to write a Vue.js app completely in TypeScript  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-write-a-vue-js-app-completely-in-typescript/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Re-creating the ‘His Dark Materials’ Logo in CSS  
https://css-irl.info/recreating-the-his-dark-materials-logo-in-css/  
Jamie Nicholls ` css-irl.info`
  

