## Performance Metrics for Front-End Applications  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/performance-metrics-for-front-end-applications-a04fdfde217a  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Real Compass on mobile browsers with Javascript  
https://dev.to/orkhanjafarovr/real-compass-on-mobile-browsers-with-javascript-3emi  
 ` dev.to`
  

## "To be a better programmer, you must fu***ng code! ;)"  
https://dev.to/chrisczopp/to-be-a-better-programmer-you-must-fu-ng-code-2n5g  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Understanding the Event Loop, Callbacks, Promises, and Async/Await in JavaScript  
https://www.taniarascia.com/asynchronous-javascript-event-loop-callbacks-promises-async-await/  
Alfredo Higuero ` www.taniarascia.com`
  

## Developed GitHub Profile Trophy using Deno  
https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/blob/master/README.md  
 ` github.com`
  

## I have developed deno-websocket  
https://github.com/ryo-ma/deno-websocket  
 ` github.com`
  

## Protractor Tutorial: Handling Timeouts With Selenium  
https://dzone.com/articles/protractor-tutorial-handling-timeouts-with-seleniu  
 ` dzone.com`
  

## JavaScript's for vs for-in vs for-of… in depth  
https://medium.com/@shalithasuranga/javascripts-for-vs-for-in-vs-for-of-in-depth-a589feb88bdd  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Using the brightness() CSS Filter to generically highlight Content  
https://weblog.west-wind.com/posts/2020/Jul/28/Using-the-brightness-CSS-Filter-to-generically-highlight-Content  
Viktor Berezin ` weblog.west-wind.com`
  

## MyJS Library - to facilitate my life in DRY  
https://github.com/assisfery/myjs  
 ` github.com`
  

## How to tell browsers that your site supports color-schemes  
https://www.stefanjudis.com/today-i-learned/how-to-tell-browsers-that-your-site-supports-color-schemes/  
 ` www.stefanjudis.com`
  

## 6 open source repos to develop easily installable JSX components  
https://medium.com/@chris.czopp/6-open-source-repos-to-develop-easily-installable-jsx-components-ca8543230a  
 ` medium.com`
  

## 5 Lesser-known Features of Chrome DevTools  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/5-lesser-known-features-of-chrome-devtools-1ff3cd2a7518  
 
  

## Modifying Specific Letters with CSS and JavaScript  
https://css-tricks.com/modifying-specific-letters-with-css-and-javascript/  
 
  

## How to preload responsive images with imagesizes and imagesrcset  
https://www.stefanjudis.com/today-i-learned/how-to-preload-responsive-images-with-imagesizes-and-imagesrcset/  
 
  

## PRPL pattern: Solutions for modern web app optimization  
https://blog.logrocket.com/prpl-pattern-solutions-for-modern-web-app-optimization/  
 
  

## Designing With Reduced Motion For Motion Sensitivities  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/09/design-reduced-motion-sensitivities/  
 
  

## How & Why Accessibility Matters for SEO  
https://www.searchenginejournal.com/seo-accessibility/379582/  
 
  

## How to Get Handwriting Animation With Irregular SVG Strokes  
https://css-tricks.com/how-to-get-handwriting-animation-with-irregular-svg-strokes/  
 
  

## Buttons that Spark Joy  
https://frontend.horse/articles/buttons-that-spark-joy/  
 
  

## Parsel: A tiny, permissive CSS selector parser  
https://lea.verou.me/2020/09/parsel-a-tiny-permissive-css-selector-parser/  
 
  

## How CSS Perspective Works  
https://css-tricks.com/how-css-perspective-works/  
 
  

## How to create text gradients using CSS easily.  
https://dev.to/tejash023/how-to-create-text-gradients-using-css-easily-1kac  
 
  

## DevTools architecture refresh: Migrating to JavaScript modules  
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2020/09/migrating-to-js-modules  
 
  

## 5 best practices for clean coding in JavaScript  
https://dev.to/deepaksisodiya/5-best-practices-for-clean-coding-in-javascript-26am  
 
  

## Jotai, a New Granular State Management Library for React  
https://www.infoq.com/news/2020/09/jotai-react-state-management/  
 
  

## React Chrono — A timeline component for React  
https://github.com/prabhuignoto/react-chrono  
 
  

## React Functional Component with Hooks: Everything You Need To Know  
https://www.devaradise.com/react-functional-component-with-hooks  
 
  

## Here’s A Simpler Alternative to Redux  
https://dev.to/spencerpauly/state-containers-a-simpler-alternative-to-redux-for-state-management-3i93  
 
  

## React Hooks the History  
https://dev.to/manmeet1396/react-hooks-the-history-1laa  
 
  

## An Introduction to Vue Teleport — A New Feature in Vue3  
https://medium.com/@mattmaribojoc/an-introduction-to-vue-teleport-a-new-feature-in-vue3-e9ddbf58dd25  
 
  

## Announcing the (new) Ionic Vue Beta  
https://ionicframework.com/blog/announcing-the-new-ionic-vue-beta/  
 
  

## Tips For New VueJs Players  
https://dev.to/hamishclulee/tips-for-new-vuejs-players-263f  
 
  

## 3 Style Management Tips That Will Save You a Headache in Your Angular App CSS  
https://netbasal.com/3-style-management-tips-that-will-save-you-a-headache-in-your-angular-app-css-94365570987e  
 
  

## ControlValueAccessor and contenteditable in Angular  
https://medium.com/its-tinkoff/controlvalueaccessor-and-contenteditable-in-angular-6ebf50b7475e  
 
  

## Angular localization with Ivy  
https://blog.angular.io/angular-localization-with-ivy-4d8becefb6aa  
 
  

## The benefits of adding rx-query to your Angular project  
https://indepth.dev/the-benefits-of-adding-rx-query-to-your-angular-project/  
 
  

## How I Got Rid of State Observables in Angular  
https://indepth.dev/how-i-got-rid-of-state-observables-in-angular/  
 
  

## Optimize Angular bundle size in 4 steps  
https://dev.to/pmutua/optimize-angular-bundle-size-in-4-steps-52jp  
 
  

## The Ember Times — Issue №163  
https://dev.to/embertimes/the-ember-times-issue-no-163-3nb0  
 
  

## Embroider preparation  
https://medium.com/@kiwiupover/embroider-preparation-14d59edafc0b  
 
  

## Sharing A Parent Model Across Route Boundaries  
https://ilyaradchenko.com/ember-context-and-shared-parent-state/  
 
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #175 (7–13 September 2020)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-175-7-13-september-2020-72cd1318febf  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

