## echojs.com (HTTP -> HTTPS)  
https://www.echojs.com/news/35308  
 
  

## 8 Nice 2048 Games Use Css & JavaScript examples  
https://jquerypluginsfree.com/8-nice-2048-games-use-css-javascript-examples/  
 ` jquerypluginsfree.com`
  

## Login minimalist using framework flutter  
https://flutterawesome.com/login-minimalist-using-framework-flutter/  
Login minimalist using framework flutter. ` Flutter Awesome : Mon, 02 Mar 2020 00:55:04 GMT`
  

## A note-taking app built with Flutter + Firebase  
https://flutterawesome.com/a-note-taking-app-built-with-flutter-firebase/  
This is a simplified Google Keep mobile app 'clone' built with Flutter + Firebase. For practicing prototyping and Flutter skills only. ` Flutter Awesome : Mon, 02 Mar 2020 00:54:57 GMT`
  

## Most frequently asked questions about Postman  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/most-frequently-asked-questions-about-postman/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## Frontend Weekly Digest #147 (24 February â€” 1 March 2020)  
https://medium.com/@frontender_ua/frontend-weekly-digest-147-24-february-1-march-2020-4922890625a2  
Smoll ` medium.com`
  

## How to Create a Personal Blogging Website: Front-End (Angular) #2  
https://blog.soshace.com/how-to-create-a-personal-blogging-website-part-2/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## Race conditions in React and beyond. A race condition guard with TypeScript  
https://wanago.io/2020/03/02/race-conditions-in-react-and-beyond-a-race-condition-guard-with-typescript/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Intro to React Suspense and concurrent mode  
https://www.richardkotze.com/coding/intro-react-suspense-concurrent-mode  
 ` www.richardkotze.com`
  

## Automatically transition Jira issues using a Github webhook  
https://dev.to/kro12/automatically-transition-jira-issues-using-a-github-webhook-2i75  
T.J. Fogarty ` dev.to`
  

## React Native Google Places Input  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-places-input  
 ` www.npmjs.com`
  

## Debugging async operations in Node.js  
https://blog.logrocket.com/debugging-async-operations-in-node-js/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Making Web Components for Different Contexts  
https://www.hackdoor.io/articles/5kQdnVND/making-web-components-for-different-contexts  
Miiitch ` www.hackdoor.io`
  

## The Adaptive Responsive model  
https://www.hackdoor.io/articles/1vpa7LJw/the-adaptive-responsive-model  
Miiitch ` www.hackdoor.io`
  

## Inspired Design Decisions: Neville Brody Design Cannot Remain Neutral  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/inspired-design-decisions-neville-brody/  
Although I was born in North West England, I grew up in Corby, a steel working town in the middle of the country. From the 1930s, Corby had grown to rely on steel production, with working-class families &mdash; a large number of them from Scotland &mdash; flocking to the area. During the Second World War, burning oil to produce thick smoke prevented all but a few German bombs, but when I was in my teens, a different toxic cloud, Thatcherism, hung over Corby as it did many industrial and manufacturing centres across the UK. ` Andrew Clarke : Mon, 02 Mar 2020 13:00:00 +0000`
  

## 6 Ways to Share and Reuse React Components  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/6-ways-to-share-and-reuse-react-components-6d80e2fd16cd  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## Functional programming in Go  
https://blog.logrocket.com/functional-programming-in-go/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Webpack 5: Module Federation. A Game-changer to Javascript architecture.  
https://medium.com/@ScriptedAlchemy/webpack-5-module-federation-a-game-changer-to-javascript-architecture-bcdd30e02669  
 ` medium.com`
  

## How to add an element to the DOM?  
https://areknawo.com/how-to-add-an-element-to-dom/  
 ` areknawo.com`
  

## How to Make and Receive Phone Calls with the Nexmo Voice API, Node.js HTTP requests (yes, without Express), Nuxt.js server middleware, a Vue.js Terminal UI and WebSockets.  
https://www.nexmo.com/blog/2020/03/02/how-make-receive-phone-calls-with-nuxt-js-dr?utm_source=js&utm_medium=echo&utm_campaign=laka  
 ` www.nexmo.com`
  

