## 9 Top JS Gaming Engines and Libraries for 2020  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/9-top-js-gaming-engines-and-libraries-for-2020-81707d9f095  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## scrolling-based-progressbar - React  
https://github.com/ValeedAnjum/scrolling-based-progressbar  
 ` github.com`
  

## 8 Nice Progress Bars component with vue.js  
https://jquerypluginsfree.com/8-nice-progress-bars-component-with-vue.js/  
 ` jquerypluginsfree.com`
  

## Start experiencing a unique difference with RentALL Cars — Car booking script  
https://medium.com/@bruceoxenford5/start-experiencing-a-unique-difference-with-rentall-cars-car-booking-script-ffcba0cb2ecd  
 ` medium.com`
  

## Accessibility: Element-focus-vs-aria-activedescendant  
https://zellwk.com/blog/element-focus-vs-aria-activedescendant  
Zell Liew ` zellwk.com`
  

## Python map() Function Explained & Visualized  
https://blog.soshace.com/python-map-function-explained-visualized/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## これからiOSやる奴はここ読んどけ  
https://sustura.com/%E3%81%93%E3%82%8C%E3%81%8B%E3%82%89ios%E3%82%84%E3%82%8B%E5%A5%B4%E3%81%AF%E3%81%93%E3%81%93%E8%AA%AD%E3%82%93%E3%81%A9%E3%81%91/  
 ` sustura.com`
  

## Creating a dynamic application with LoopBack  
https://blog.logrocket.com/creating-a-dynamic-application-with-loopback/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## RSS feeds for your Github releases, tags and activity  
https://www.ronaldsvilcins.com/2020/03/26/rss-feeds-for-your-github-releases-tags-and-activity/  
Ronalds Vilciņš ` www.ronaldsvilcins.com`
  

## How To Increase Mobile Conversions With Category Page Design  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/mobile-conversions-category-page-design/  
For e-commerce designers, it’s easy to focus on designing the home page, individual product pages as well as the checkout experience because they’re obvious stepping stones along the mobile shoppers’ journey. Based on the following data, though, category pages also have a role to play &mdash; as the intermediary between search engines and e-commerce websites.Jill Kocher Brown, the SEO Director of JumpFly, shared the following research at SMX West 2020: ` Suzanne Scacca : Sun, 22 Mar 2020 12:30:00 +0000`
  

## Latest Corona numbers per country and historical data  
https://neomjs.github.io/pages/node_modules/neo.mjs/dist/production/apps/covid/index.html#country=USA  
 ` neomjs.github.io`
  

## Full Third-Party Cookie Blocking and More  
https://webkit.org/blog/10218/full-third-party-cookie-blocking-and-more/  
Nicolas Géroux ` webkit.org`
  

## Auto-growing inputs  
https://remysharp.com/2020/03/06/auto-growing-inputs  
Ryan van Rooi ` remysharp.com`
  

## Emojis as Favicons  
https://twitter.com/LeaVerou/status/1241619866475474946  
Petra Jostad ` twitter.com`
  

## TypeScript 3.8 EcmaScript Private Fields by Example  
https://www.techiediaries.com/tyepescript/typescript-3-8-ecmascript-private-fields-example/  
 ` www.techiediaries.com`
  

## 8+ Awesome Projects Built With Vue.js  
https://flatlogic.com/blog/9-awesome-projects-built-with-vue-js/  
 ` flatlogic.com`
  

## node-html-to-image: Generate Images from HTML  
https://github.com/frinyvonnick/node-html-to-image  
 ` github.com`
  

## COVID-19 infection (and social distancing) simulator in HTML5 and JS  
https://hzub.github.io/infection-simulator/  
hubert zub ` hzub.github.io`
  

## Embracing modern image formats  
https://joshwcomeau.com/performance/embracing-modern-image-formats/  
Derrick Hughes ` joshwcomeau.com`
  

## Using the `debug` module to avoid polluting your application logs with logs from Node modules  
https://www.coreycleary.me/using-the-debug-module-to-avoid-polluting-your-application-logs-with-logs-from-node-modules/  
 ` www.coreycleary.me`
  

