## Corona virus monitoring website  
https://github.com/shaharyar-shamshi/carona_tracking_frontend  
 ` github.com`
  

## ESC/POS (thermal, receipt) printing for Flutter & Dart  
https://flutterawesome.com/esc-pos-thermal-receipt-printing-for-flutter-dart/  
The library allows to print receipts using an ESC/POS thermal WiFi/Ethernet printer. For Bluetooth printers, use esc_pos_bluetooth library. ` Flutter Awesome : Mon, 23 Mar 2020 01:54:07 GMT`
  

## A Flutter application to control the cigarette problem  
https://flutterawesome.com/a-flutter-application-to-control-the-cigarette-problem/  
A Flutter application to control the cigarette problem. ` Flutter Awesome : Mon, 23 Mar 2020 01:53:58 GMT`
  

## How to use the currentColor in CSS  
http://www.js-craft.io/blog/how-to-use-the-currentcolor-value-in-css/  
 ` www.js-craft.io`
  

## Logging best practices for Node.JS application  
https://www.thirdrocktechkno.com/blog/logging-best-practices-for-node-js-application/  
 ` www.thirdrocktechkno.com`
  

## Customer Support Outsourcing by BBC Global Services  
https://bbcglobalservices.com/  
 ` bbcglobalservices.com`
  

## React Lessons. Lesson 11. Pt.2. Redux Middlewares  
https://blog.soshace.com/react-lesson-11-pt2/  
 ` blog.soshace.com`
  

## React App Development: UI, Styling, State Management, Testing  
https://www.codica.com/blog/react-app-development-ui-styling-state-management-testing/  
 ` www.codica.com`
  

## LocalStorage in JavaScript [video]  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZkyB5Ez-Kc  
 ` www.youtube.com`
  

## State-driven interfaces with XState  
https://blog.logrocket.com/state-driven-interfaces-with-xstate/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## Inspired Design Decisions With Otto Storch: When Idea, Copy, Art And Typography Became Inseperable  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/inspired-design-decisions-otto-storch/  
For the past few years, books about HTML and CSS have almost vanished from my studio bookshelves. I replaced them with books on art direction, editorial, and graphic design.Recently, I was browsing a new addition to my library and was captivated by one magazine spread. I loved the way its designer has playfully combined images and typography to create a design which was full of energy and movement. To remind myself to take another look at this design, I snapped a picture of it with my iPhone. ` Andrew Clarke : Mon, 23 Mar 2020 13:00:00 +0000`
  

## Popular Game of '98: Caesar 3 source file  
https://github.com/garganshul108/caesar-III  
 ` github.com`
  

## JavaScript Variables: Value and Reference  
https://www.prestonlamb.com/blog/javascript-variables-value-and-reference  
 ` www.prestonlamb.com`
  

## 7 Awesome JavaScript Web App Tour Libraries  
https://blog.bitsrc.io/7-awesome-javascript-web-app-tour-libraries-6b5d220fb862  
 ` blog.bitsrc.io`
  

## How to style forms with CSS: A beginnerâ€™s guide  
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-style-forms-with-css-a-beginners-guide/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## ðŸŽ‰ is-april-fools - A micro-library for checking if it's April 1st  
https://github.com/himynameisdave/is-april-fools  
 ` github.com`
  

## 16+ Articles of March to Learn JavaScript  
https://dev.to/anaflatlogic/16-articles-of-march-to-learn-javascript-3kf1  
 ` dev.to`
  

## Quickly build schema-based forms in React with uniforms  
https://blog.logrocket.com/quickly-build-schema-based-forms-in-react-with-uniforms/  
 ` blog.logrocket.com`
  

## What's the deal with immutability in JavaScript?  
https://wanago.io/2020/03/23/whats-the-deal-with-immutability-in-javascript/  
 ` wanago.io`
  

## Stanford CS253: Web Security  
https://cs253.stanford.edu/  
 ` cs253.stanford.edu`
  

## Announcing Smashing Online Workshops  
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/smashing-online-workshops/  
We had to postpone our SmashingConf in San Francisco until 10th&ndash;11th November 2020 and, like so many of you, our team will be staying firmly put at home for the next month or more. However, we know that many of you are still hoping to develop your skills, and we had workshops ready to go. We decided to find a way to bring the workshops to your home office, trying to keep as much of the live experience as possible. ` Rachel Andrew : Mon, 23 Mar 2020 18:00:00 +0000`
  

## Motion Layout: Create immersive React.js animations  
https://motion-layout.azurewebsites.net/  
 ` motion-layout.azurewebsites.net`
  

